a	Letter	"To see the letter ""A"" in your dream represents the beginning of a new stage."											abacus	Machine	To see or use an abacus in your dream refers to your outdated views.											abalone	Invertebrate	To see or eat abalone in your dream indicates a transitional period in your life.											abandonment	Action	To dream that you are abandoned suggests that it is time to leave behind past feelings and characteristics that are hindering your growth.											abbey	Building	"To see an abbey in your dream signifies spirituality, peace of mind and freedom from anxiety."	To see an abbey in ruins indicates feelings of hopelessness.										abbot	Person	To see an abbot in your dream suggests that someone has power over you and are making you do things that you do not necessarily want to do.											abbreviation	Action	To see abbreviations in your dream may represent the initials of someone in your life.											abdomen	Body_Part	To see your abdomen in a dream refers to your natural instincts and repressed emotions.	To dream that your abdomen is exposed represents issues you have with trust and feelings of vulnerability.	To dream that your abdomen is swollen indicates that some new project is in the works.									abduction	Action	To witness an abduction in your dream signifies feelings of helplessness.											abnormal	Unknown	To dream of some abnormality or of abnormal objects indicate that the problems that have been preoccupying your mind will soon be resolved.											aborigine	Person	"To see an Aborigine in your dream represents both your untamed, natural self and your pure, innocent side."											abortion	Action	To dream that you have an abortion suggests that you are hindering and blocking your own growth.	To dream that someone has an abortion refers to an aspect of your relationship with this person is not growing or maturing.	To dream that you or someone has an illegal abortion indicates that you are desperate to keep things the exact same.									above	Unknown	To see something above you in your dream suggests that you need to set your goals higher.											abraham_lincoln	Individual	To see Abraham Lincoln in your dream refers to your solid character and leadership ability.											abroad	Unknown	To dream of being or going abroad indicates unbalance and chaos in your current situation and condition.											abscess	Illness	To dream that you have an abscess suggests that there is something that you need to express and get out into the open.											abstinence	Activity	"To dream that you practice abstinence from drinking, sex or any other sort of sensual temptation is a warning against being over confidant."											abundance	Unknown	To dream of having an abundance of a certain item indicates that you need to conserve your resources and energies.											abyss	Place	To dream of an abyss signifies an obstacle that is creating much anxiety for you.	To dream that you are falling into an abyss symbolizes the depths of your subconscious.										acacia	Plant	To see an acacia tree in your dream symbolizes your attitudes with death and your sense of mortality.											academy	Structure	To dream of an academy signifies new friendships and opportunities.											academy_award	Unknown	To dream that you at the Academy Awards indicates that you need to add some glamour into your life.											accelerator	Tool	To see an accelerator in your dream indicates that you will achieve your goals through your own efforts.	To dream that the accelerator is jammed or broken indicates a loss of control in some aspect of your life.										accent	Unknown	To speak with an accent in your dream suggests that you are having difficulties conveying your thoughts.	To hear someone speaking with an accent in your dream represents something familiar yet different.										acceptance	Action	To dream about acceptance indicates issues of self-esteem and measuring up to the expectations of others.											accident	Event	To dream that you are in an accident signifies pent-up guilt in which you are subconsciously punishing yourself over.	To dream of a car accident symbolizes your emotional state.	"To dream that a loved one dies in an accident indicates that something within your own Self is no longer functional and is ""dead""."									accomplice	Person	To dream that you are an accomplice to a crime suggests that someone in your waking life is having a negative influence on you.	To dream that you have an accomplice implies that others are enabling your negative habits or behavior.										accordion	Musical_Instrument	To hear the music of an accordion signifies some saddening and depressing matter.	To dream that you play the accordion denotes intense emotions that are causing physical strain to your body.										accountant	Person	To see or dream that you are an accountant represents your objectivity toward some situation.											account	Event	To dream about your bank accounts indicates financial worries.											accuse	Unknown	To dream that you accuse others signifies disagreements and dissension with those around you.											ace	Action	To see the ace in the deck of cards suggests ambiguity in your life.											ache	Illness	To dream that you have aches indicate some hesitation and reluctance in the pursuit of your goals.											achievement	Action	To dream of an achievement denotes that you will be greatly satisfied with the outcome of a situation or project.											acid	Substance	"To see acid in your dream represents feelings of hatred, rage, and/or revenge."	To dream that you drink acid indicates that you are emotionally paralyzed and need to learn how to express yourself.										acorn	Food	To see an acorn in your dream symbolizes strength and durability.											acquaintance	Person	To see an acquaintance in your dream represents aspects of yourself that you are still trying to get to know.	To dream that you are disputing with an acquaintance represents aspects of yourself that you are rejecting.										acting	Activity	To dream that you are acting indicates that you are putting up a front and pretending to be someone you are not in some waking situation.											actor/actress	Unknown	To see an actor or actress in your dream represents your pursuit for pleasure.											acupuncture	Activity	To dream that you are getting acupuncture suggests that you are in need of healing.											adamant	Substance	To dream that you are adamant signifies that you will be thwarted in some desire that you held ever so highly in your life.											adder	Animal	To see an adder in your dream symbolizes a sly or cunning person.											addict	Person	To dream that you are an addict indicates that you are no longer in control of a situation.											addiction	Event	To dream that you have an addiction or become addicted represents an obsessive behavior.											addition	Action	To dream that you are solving an addition problem represents something that is straightforward or obvious.											address	Event	To dream of your old address suggests that you need to take a look back at the past and learn from it.											admiral	Invertebrate	To see or dream that you are an admiral represents your ability to tackle life's issues and problems with confidence and decisiveness.											adobe	Substance	To see an adobe structure in your dream symbolizes protection.											adopted	Unknown	To dream that you are adopted suggests that you are longing for the child within you.											adulation	Unknown	To dream that you seek adulation signifies that you will arrogantly step up to undeserved position of honor.	To dream that you are offering adulation denotes that you are willing to part with something near and dear to you in the hopes of material advancement.										adultery	Unknown	To dream that you commit adultery or have an affair signifies your sexual urges and desires that are longing to be expressed.											adventurer	Person	To dream that you are an adventurer indicates that you are lacking adventure in your waking life.											adversary	Person	To dream that you are confronted by an adversary represents a conflict or a fear that you are facing in your waking life.	To dream that you overcome an adversary indicates a resolution to some inner conflict or waking life problem.										adversity	Event	To dream that you are met with adversity represents the obstacles that you are facing in your waking life.	To dream that others are in adversity signifies your pessimistic outlook in life.										advertisement	Unknown	To dream that you are putting out an advertisement indicates hard work is needed to achieve your goals.											advice	Unknown	To dream that you are receiving advice suggests that you need to listen to your instinct and gut.	To dream that you are giving advice indicates that you have the knowledge and information to help others.										advocate	Person	To dream that you are an advocate for a cause signifies your faithfulness and conviction towards your interest and your loyalty to your friends.											aerobics	Activity	To dream that you are doing aerobics suggests that you need to get out there and be more active.											aerosol	Unknown	To see an aerosol can in your dream indicates that you may be feeling under pressure.											affection	Unknown	To dream that you are showing your affections for someone represents your satisfaction and happiness with a current relationship.											afterlife	Unknown	To dream of an afterlife refers to your desire of escaping from your own reality.											afternoon	Unknown	To dream of the afternoon time suggest that it is time to put your energies to good use.											affliction	Event	To dream that you have an affliction signifies bad news and possible disaster.											africa	Place	To dream about or that you in Africa reflects your desires to return to your roots.											african_american	Person	To see an African American in your dream signifies your roots and heritage.											agate	Substance	"To see a black agate in your dream symbolizes wealth, vigor, and courage."	"To see a red agate in your dream represents peace, longevity, and health."										age	Unknown	To dream of your age signifies you anxiety and concern of growing older.											aggression	Action	To dream that you exhibit aggression in your dream denotes repressed sexual needs.											agony	Illness	To dream that you are in agony suggests that some decision or nagging problem from your waking life has crept into your dream.											agoraphobia	Illness	To dream that you have agoraphobia signifies a fear of being exposed or seen.											agreement	Event	To dream of an agreement indicates resolution to a conflict or problem.											ague	Illness	To dream that you are shivering with an ague forewarns that you will suffer from a physical disorder.	To see others affected with ague in your dream suggests that others are offended by your indifference or lack of compassion in some situation.										aids	Illness	To dream that you have AIDS indicates that your psychological integrity is being attacked.	To dream that your mate has AIDS suggests that you are in an unhealthy or destructive relationship.	To dream that someone else has AIDS signifies your need to be more compassionate and sympathetic to others.									air	Action	To dream about the air symbolizes creativity and intelligence.	To feel cold air in your dream signifies discordance in your domestic relations and setbacks in your business affairs.	To dream that you are breathing hot air signifies the influence of evil around you.	To dream that you are walking on air refers to your carefree and upbeat attitude.	To dream that you can bend air refers to your ability to control and watch what you say.							air_conditioner	Tool	To dream that the air conditioner is not working suggests that you are not able to relax and breathe freely.	To see or feel the air conditioner in your dream represents purification and relief.										air_gun	Weapon	To see or use an air gun in your dream symbolizes an unperceived threat.											air_freshener	Unknown	To smell air freshener in your dream suggests that you are enjoying life's little pleasure.											air_force	Unknown	To dream that you are in the air force suggests that you need to be more spiritually disciplined.											air_horn	Tool	To hear or sound an air horn in your dream suggests that you are not taking a matter seriously enough.											air_raid	Activity	To dream that you are caught in an air raid indicates that you are feeling overwhelmed by things that are seemingly coming out of the blue.											air_show	Unknown	To dream that you are in an air show implies that you are showing off your accomplishments to others.											airbag	Unknown	To see the airbag in a vehicle deploy in your dream forewarns that you will run into a major setback if you keep the pace of your current life path.											aircraft_carrier	Conveyance	To see an aircraft carrier in your dream suggests that you are preparing to confront your emotions.											airplane	Conveyance	To see an airplane in your dream indicates that you will overcome your obstacles and rise to a new level of prominence and status.	To dream that you are flying an airplane suggests that you are in complete control of your destination in life.	To dream that an airplane is hijacked signifies disturbing feelings and past emotions in your subconscious mind.									airport	Unknown	To see an airport in your dream symbolizes birth (arrivals) and death (departures).	To dream of a deserted airport indicates that your plans or goals will be changed or delayed.										aisle	Place	To dream that you are walking down or through an aisle represents your ability to move forward in life with confidence.											alabaster	Substance	To see alabaster in your dream represents success in your love life.	"To dream that you break an alabaster figurine signifies grief, sorrow, and regrets."										aladdin	Unknown	To see or dream that you are aladdin represents realization of your goals or dreams.											alarm	Tool	To hear or pull an alarm in your dream suggests that you are experiencing a conflict in a relationship or situation which is giving your much anxiety.											alarm_clock	Tool	To see or hear an alarm clock in your dream represents your anxieties and fixation with time.											albatross	Bird	To see an albatross in your dream represents endurance and freedom.	"To see a dying or dead albatross in your dream symbolizes bad luck and harsh, vulnerable times."										albino	Person	To see an albino in your dream represents purity or eternal life.	To dream that you are afraid of the albino figure suggests that you are irrationally concerned about the well-being of a loved one.										album	Unknown	To see an album in your dream indicates that you are surrounded by true friends.	To dream that you are looking through a photo album suggests that you are unwilling to let go of your memories and the past.										alchemy	Unknown	"To dream of alchemy suggests that you are going through a period of turmoil, inner transformation, and self-renewal."											alcohol	Food	To dream that you are enjoying alcohol in moderation denotes contentment and satisfaction in the decisions that you have made.	"To dream that you are consuming alcohol in excess signifies feelings of inadequacy, worries, regrets and fears of being discovered for who you really are."										alder	Plant	To see an alder tree in your dream symbolizes joy and happiness.											algae	Unknown	To see algae in your dream indicates that you need to leave your emotions out of some matter.											alien	Person	To dream that you are being invaded or abducted by aliens indicates your fear of your changing surroundings or your fear of losing your home and family.	To see aliens in your dream signify that you are having difficulties adapting and adjusting to your new surroundings.										alimony	Unknown	To dream that you are paying alimony means that you are paying for your past actions and mistakes.											alley	Place	To see an alley in you dream suggests that you have limited options.	To dream that you are walking through an alley represents a dead-end.										alligator	Animal	"To see an alligator in your dream symbolizes treachery, deceit, and hidden instincts."	To dream that you are running away from the alligator indicates that you are unwilling to confront some painful and disturbing aspect of your subconscious.	To dream that you are raped by an alligator indicates that you feel violated or taken advantage of in some way.									allowance	Event	To dream of getting an allowance symbolizes the rewards of your work.											alloy	Substance	To see an alloy in your dream indicates that you will experience some complications in your professional life.											almanac	Unknown	To see an almanac in your dream represents the ups and downs of life.											almond	Food	To see or eat almonds in your dream represent success and richness.											alm	Unknown	To dream that you are giving alms represent your giving nature.											aloe	Plant	To use aloe in your dream suggests that you are ready to heal from some emotional wound.											alone	Unknown	To dream that you are alone indicates feelings of rejection.											altar	Structure	To see the altar in your dream suggests that you are making a great personal sacrifice.	To see a priest at the altar in your dream signifies strife and disharmony in both your work and home.	To dream that you are kneeing in front of the altar represents unfulfilled desires.									altar_boy	Person	To see or dream that you are an altar boy symbolizes innocence and purity.											alum	Substance	To see alum in your dream signifies frustrations on plans that you have set for yourself.	To dream that you taste alum denotes that you have feelings of regret and remorse over the evil you have done onto an innocent person.										aluminum	Substance	To see aluminum in your dream signifies your ability to retain what is valuable to you.											alzheimer's_disease	Unknown	To dream that you or someone has Alzheimer's Disease refers to your fear of letting go of the past.											ambassador	Person	To dream that you are an ambassador suggests that you need to be more diplomatic in a situation.											amber	Substance	To see amber in your dream symbolizes the sun and positive energy.											ambulance	Conveyance	To see an ambulance in your dream indicates that your careless activities and indiscretion may lead to major problems and complications.	To see an ambulance full of wounded passengers signifies a fear of letting go your old Self and making space for the new you.	To dream that someone is hit by an ambulance suggests that some aspect of your psyche is injured and needs immediate care and attention.									ambush	Activity	To dream that you are lying in ambush indicates that you will use underhanded means to achieve your goals.											amethyst	Substance	To see an amethyst in your dream signifies peace of mind and satisfaction in your professional and personal life.	To dream that you lose an amethyst signifies heartbreaks and disappointments in love.										amish	Person	To see or dream that you are amish suggests that you need to concentrate on the more important things and basic necessities in life.											ammonia	Substance	To see or smell ammonia in your dream indicates that there is some distressing or offensive matter that you need to confront.											ammunition	Substance	To see ammunition in your dream suggests that you are utilizing your power to persuade or protect.											amnesia	Unknown	To dream that you have amnesia suggests that you are trying to block out the rejected or negative aspect of yourself.											amorous	Unknown	To dream that you are amorous symbolizes temptations.	To dream that others are amorous signifies that others will try to persuade you into illicit pleasures and abandon your own sense of morality.	To see animals amorous in your dream represent animalistic desires.									amphisbaena	Unknown	To see an Amphisbaena in your dream suggests that you are being pulled in two different directions.											amphitheater	Structure	To see or be in an amphitheater in your dream refers to the spreading of some wisdom or knowledge.											amplifier	Unknown	To see an amplifier in your dream represents your need to be heard.											amputation	Activity	"To dream that your limbs are amputated signifies abandoned talents and serious, permanent losses."											amulet	Unknown	To see or wear an amulet in your dream indicates your need to feel protected.											amusement_park	Place	To see or be in an amusement park in your dream indicates that you need to set some time for more relaxation and enjoyment in your life.	To dream that the amusement park is empty or abandoned suggests that you need to open yourself to more fun and adventure.	To dream that the rides at the amusement park are breaking down means that something in your life is not going as expected.	To dream that the amusement park is closed suggests that you are denying yourself your time for fun and leisure.								anaconda	Animal	To see an anaconda in your dream symbolizes your creativity and potential.											anal_sex	Unknown	To dream about anal sex represents submission.											analyst	Person	To dream that you are an analyst suggests that you need to take a closer look at your behavior and actions.	To see an analyst in your dream indicates that you are not acting appropriately in some situation in your life.										anarchy	Unknown	To see anarchy in your dream suggests that you need to show some restraint when expressing yourself.											ancestor	Person	To dream about your ancestors suggest that you are acknowledging your inherited traits and tradition.											anchor	Tool	To see an anchor in your dream signifies stability and security.											ancient	Person	To dream of an ancient theme symbolizes your sense of foundation.											andirons	Unknown	To see andirons supporting burning logs in your dream indicate that you have the support of your friends and family.											androgynous	Unknown	To see an androgynous person in your dream suggests that you are looking to bring together opposing sides and views.											anecdote	Event	To tell or read an anecdote in your dream indicates that there is some life lesson or moral that you need to learn or recognize.											anesthesia	Unknown	To be under anesthesia in your dream suggests that you are trying to suppress your emotions instead of confronting them.											aneurysm	Illness	To dream that you have an aneurysm indicates that you are under some sort of pressure.											angel	Person	"To see angels in your dream symbolize goodness, purity, protection, comfort and consolation."											anger	Activity	To dream that you are holding or expressing anger symbolizes frustrations and disappointments in your Self.											angling	Activity	To dream that you are angling is a good omen of fortune and luck.											animal	Animal	"To see animals in your dream represent your own physical characteristic, primitive desires, and sexual nature, depending on the qualities of the particular animal."											animation	Activity	To dream that you are watching animation suggests that you can find the humor and comedy in most situations.											anime	Substance	To dream that you are watching anime represents your carefree attitude.	To dream that you are an anime character suggests that you need to be more expressive.										animosity	Unknown	To dream that there is animosity towards you suggests that you need to reevaluate a situation and rethink your issues of morality.											ankh	Unknown	"To see an ankh in your dream symbolizes empowerment, infinite knowledge, sexual connection or eternity."											ankle	Body_Part	To sprain your ankle in your dream suggests that you are experiencing some obstacles or difficulties in your progress.											ankle_monitor	Unknown	To see or dream that you are wearing an ankle monitor indicates that you are feeling scrutinized about every step or decision your make.											anklet	Unknown	To see or wear an anklet in your dream refers to the way that your life going and the decisions you made to get to where you are.											anniversary	Unknown	To dream about your anniversary represents acceptance or appreciation of some aspect of yourself.											annulment	Action	To dream that you are getting an annulment suggests that you are in denial about something.											anorexia	Illness	To dream that you have anorexia represents your lack of self-acceptance and self-esteem.											answering_machine	Tool	To see an answering machine in your dream suggests that you are not listening to a message that someone around you is trying to convey.											antarctica	Place	To dream that you are in Antarctica represents the challenges and hardships in your waking life and your ability to endure it all.	"To dream that you live in Antarctica symbolizes your tenacity and drive, even though the odds may be against you."										anteater	Animal	To see an anteater in your dream indicates that you need to proceed with caution in some endeavor.											antelope	Animal	To see an antelope in your dream suggests that your high ambitions will only be achieved through a great expenditure of energy.	To see an antelope collapse in your dream means that you are at fault for a broken-up love affair.										antenna	Body_Part	To see an antenna in your dream represents your communication with your surroundings.											anthill	Unknown	To see an anthill in your dream suggests that you are trying to avoid doing any hard work.											antibiotic	Substance	To dream that you are taking antibiotics suggests that there is some negativity that you are trying to protect yourself against.											antidote	Substance	To dream that you need an antidote suggests that you are seeking some sort of balance in your life.											antifreeze	Substance	To see or use antifreeze in your dream suggests that you are being emotionally cold and perhaps need to warm up to others more.											antiseptic	Substance	To dream that you are using an antiseptic symbolizes healing and cleansing.											antler	Body_Part	"To see antlers in your dream are representative of masculine sexuality, male aggression and assertiveness."											ant	Invertebrate	To see ants in your dream signify your general dissatisfaction in your daily life.											anubis	Unknown	To see Anubis in your dream indicates you are in search of clarity.											anus	Body_Part	To see your anus in your dream signifies negative emotions that you may be holding in and repressing.											anvil	Body_Part	"To see an anvil in your dream signifies that you hold the power and key to your own success, although you will surely have to go through some struggle and difficulty to achieve your success."	To see a broken anvil in your dream denotes that you have let promising opportunities pass you by forever.										anxiety	Unknown	To experience anxiety in your dream is a reflection of what you may be feeling during your waking life.											apartment	Structure	To dream about an apartment refers to your financial or emotional state.											apocalypse	Event	To dream of the apocalypse signifies an emotional and dramatic change taken place within yourself.											apollo	Unknown	To see Apollo in your dream represents growth.											apparition	Action	To see an apparition in your dream symbolizes your spirit for life.											appear	Unknown	To dream that things appear out of no where suggests that you need to utilize your intellect in a more creative and productive way.											appearance	Action	To dream about your appearance indicates concerns over how others perceive you.											appetite	Unknown	To dream of your appetite suggests that there is an area if your life that remains unfulfilled.											applause	Unknown	To hear applause in your dream indicates that you are seeking acclaim and recognition.											apple_tree	Plant	To see an apple tree in your dream symbolizes grandeur and magnificence.											apple	Food	"To see apples growing in a tree in your dream symbolize knowledge, wisdom and great prosperity."	To see green apples represent developing love or love that has yet to blossom.	"To see rotten or eaten apples in your dream, indicates that whatever you are striving and aiming for may not be fulfilling, and even harmful to you."									appliance	Tool	To fix an appliance in your dream represents your need to work on your relationship and prevent it from falling apart.											application	Activity	To dream that you are filling out an application indicates that you are lacking something in your life.											appointment	Action	To dream that you are going to an appointment suggests that you need to be more goal-oriented.											apprentice	Person	To dream that you are an apprentice suggests that you will have to prove yourself in order to gain acceptance from your colleagues.											approval	Activity	To dream that you are looking for approval from someone indicates that you have some dependency issues.											apricot	Food	To dream that you are eating an apricot forewarns of approaching misfortune.											april	Unknown	To dream of the month of April denotes pleasure and profit are in store for you.											apron	Place	To see an apron in your dream suggests that you or someone is making a commitment to work on some familial task.	To wear an apron in your dream indicates that you are in a submissive position.										aquamarine	Substance	"To see aquamarine in your dream symbolizes youth, vitality, creativity, and hope."											aquarium	Unknown	To see an aquarium in your dream signifies that you have acknowledged your emotions but have not yet confronted them.											aquarius	Place	"To dream that someone is an Aquarius represents new ideas, individuality and innovation."											aqueduct	Place	To see an aqueduct in your dream symbolizes your spiritual path.											arbiter	Person	To dream that you are an arbiter refers to your control and power over some matter.	To see or work with an arbiter in your dream implies that you are feeling powerless.										arc	Unknown	To see or draw an arc in your dream implies that you are experiencing some setbacks in your plans or goals.											arcade	Structure	To see or dream that you are at an arcade suggests that you need to look back to a previous event or experience that brought you much joy and amusement.											arch	Structure	To see an arch in your dream represents your support system.	To dream that you are passing under an arch signifies new opportunities.										archaeology	Unknown	To dream about archaeology indicates your discovery and acknowledgement of your subconscious.											archaeologist	Person	To dream that you are an archaeologist suggests that you need to learn from past experiences or that you need to look to the past to find answers to present issues.											archbishop	Person	To see an archbishop in your dream suggests that someone has power over you and are making you do things that you do not necessarily want to do.											archery	Activity	To see archery in your dream suggests that you are setting your goals and planning your direction in life.											architect	Person	To see an architect in your dream indicates that your creativity is being put to work.	To dream that you are an architect suggests your need for visual stimulation.										arctic	Place	To dream that you are in the Arctic symbolizes your emotional state.											arena	Place	To see or dream that you are in an arena indicates that you need to be in an environment where you can freely express yourself.											argyle	Unknown	To see argyle in your dream refers to your methodical thinking and analytical mind.											aries	Place	To dream that someone is an Aries suggests new beginnings and growth.											arithmetic	Unknown	To dream about arithmetic indicates that you are evaluating a situation in your waking life where you need to be more rational in your thinking.	"To dream that you are unable to solve an arithmetic problem or equation, parallels a waking problem where you may be confused about."										ark	Conveyance	To see an ark in your dream represents rebirth preservation and protection of something valuable.											arm	Tool	To dream that your arm has been injured signifies your inability to care for yourself or your helplessness in reaching out to others.											arm_wrestling	Unknown	To dream that you are arm wrestling implies that there is a waking situation that requires you to be more hands on.											armadillo	Animal	To see an armadillo in your dream represents your need to establish certain boundaries.											armageddon	Event	To dream about Armageddon suggests that you are feeling hopeless and out of control.											armchair	Unknown	To see or sit in an armchair in your dream indicates that you are completely secure about your status and position in your waking life.											armor	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing an armor symbolizes your defense mechanisms.	To see armor in your dream indicates insecurity.										armored_car	Conveyance	To see or drive an armored car in your dream suggests that you are feeling insecure about the progress you have made so far in life.											armpit	Body_Part	To see/notice your or someone else's armpit in your dream represents your social connections and your relationships to others.	To smell your armpit in your dream indicates that you are making some character adjustments in order to smooth over a situation or relationship.										army	Unknown	To see the army in your dream symbolizes an overpowering force working against you.	To dream that you join the army suggests your feelings of superiority.										aroma	Unknown	To smell certain aromas in your dream represents past experiences and feelings that you associate with that particular aroma.											arranged_marriage	Unknown	To dream that you are in an arranged marriage suggests that you are feeling forced to do something you do not want to do.											arrested	Unknown	To dream that you are being arrested indicates issues of control and restraint.											arrow	Weapon	To see an arrow in your dream represents the targets you are reaching for and the goals you are setting for yourself.	To see an old or broken arrow symbolizes disappointments and severed relationships.	To see a two-headed arrow in your dream signifies opposing ideas and viewpoints.									arrowhead	Place	"To see an arrowhead in your dream symbolizes your determination, direction and goal."	To see a broken arrowhead in your dream represents failure in moving toward your goals.										arson	Action	To dream about an arson represents unexpressed rage that has the potential to become destructive.											art_class	Activity	To dream that you are in an art class means that you need to learn to express yourself in a more creative way.											art_gallery	Structure	To dream that you are in an art gallery represents your past experiences.											artery	Place	To see your arteries in your dream symbolize how well you carry yourself and your ability to reach out to others.											arthritis	Illness	To dream that you have arthritis indicates that you are having difficulties achieving your goals.											artichoke	Substance	To see or eat an artichoke in your dream suggests that you need to get to the heart of some matter.											artifact	Unknown	To see or find an artifact in your dream symbolizes an aspect of your former self that you still have not completely let go.											artist	Person	To dream that you are an artist painting a picture signifies the creative and intuitive side of your character.											artwork	Unknown	To dream that you are buying artwork suggests that you are willing to work hard and follow directions.	To dream that you are selling artwork represents your ability to express yourself and your beliefs.										ascend	Unknown	To see something ascend in your dream indicates that you need to have a better or broader outlook on life.											ash_tree	Plant	"To see an ash tree in your dream represents stability, protection, unity and solidarity."											ash	Plant	"To see ashes in your dream signify disappointments, regrets, bitter changes and disruptions."											ashram	Place	To see or dream that you are in an ashram refers to your need for spiritual renewal and healing.											ashtray	Unknown	To see or use an ashtray in your dream suggests that you are trying to rid yourself of former feelings/memories and your old ways.											asia	Place	To dream that you are in Asia suggests that you need to adjust to some situation.											ask	Unknown	To dream that you are asking someone out on a date reflects your anxieties about really asking this person out.											asp	Animal	"To see an asp in your dream symbolizes misfortune, loss of honor and respect, and hostility amongst friends and loved ones."											asparagus	Substance	To see asparagus in your dream symbolizes prosperity.	To eat asparagus in your dream indicates that your actions will result in an unpleasant outcome.										aspen	Plant	To see an aspen in your dream indicates loneliness.											ass	Animal	To see an ass in your dream signifies a lack of understanding.	"To see an ass carrying burdens in your dream signifies that after much patience and hard work, you will succeed in your professional and personal life."										assassin	Person	To dream that you are an assassin implies that you are trying to kill an aspect of yourself.											assembly	Activity	To dream that you are at an assembly suggests that you are learning to accept and integrate the various aspects of yourself.											assistance	Activity	"To dream that you are giving assistance to someone suggests that you are being called on for support, either emotional support or physical support."											asteroid	Unknown	To see an asteroid in your dream represents a spiritual message from above.											asters	Unknown	"To see asters in your dream symbolize your hopes, wishes, and your dreams."											astral_projection	Unknown	To dream of astral projection suggests that you are looking at things from a whole new perspective.											astrology	Unknown	To dream about astrology suggests that you are concerned about your future.											astronaut	Person	To see or dream that you are an astronaut indicates that you are expanding your awareness and consciousness.											astronomer	Person	To see or dream that you are an astronomer indicates that you will achieve your goals slowly but surely.											aswang	Unknown	To see an aswang in your dream indicates that you are feeling vulnerable and/or untrusting of others.	To dream that you are an aswang implies that you are utilizing deception and underhanded means to get what you want.										asylum	Building	To dream that you are at an asylum suggests that you are feeling tremendous mental strain and are trying to reach out for help.											athlete	Person	To dream that you are an athlete suggests that you have pushed yourself to the limits.	To see a famous athlete in your dream refers to a larger than life attitude.										athletic_field	Place	To see or dream that you are on an athletic field represents the challenges that you are facing in your waking life.											atlas	Tool	To dream that you are looking at an atlas indicates your attention to details.											atm_machine	Unknown	To see or use an ATM Machine in your dream represents your desires for financial security.	To dream that the ATM Machine gives you more money that you were due refers to your inflated ego.										atom	Substance	To see an atom in your dream symbolizes unlimited potential.											attack	Action	To dream that you attack someone represents pent-up frustration and anger.	To dream that you are being attacked by someone indicates your character is being questioned.										attic	Structure	To see an attic in your dream represents hidden memories or repressed thoughts that are being revealed.	To see a cluttered attic in your dream is a sign to organize your mind and thoughts.										attorney	Person	To see an attorney in your dream suggests that you are seeking guidance and advice.											atv	Unknown	To see or ride an ATV in your dream indicates your desire to get off the beaten path.											auction	Event	To dream that you are at an auction indicates that you may be undervaluing or overvaluing something or some relationship.	To dream that someone outbid you in an auction suggests that you are being denied something that you have earned.	To dream that no one is bidding at an auction suggests that your opinions and ideas are not appreciated.									audience	Unknown	To dream that you are in front of an audience represents the world around you and how it is paying close attention to your actions.	To dream that you have no audience denotes that you are not being acknowledged for your work or achievements.										audition	Activity	To dream that you are at an audition indicates feelings of insecurity and vulnerability.											auditorium	Structure	To dream that you are in an auditorium indicates that there is something that you need to learn from others.											auger	Tool	To see an auger in your dream signifies difficulties hard work and struggles.											august	Unknown	To dream of the month of August suggests that there is some misunderstanding in a personal relationship or business situation.											aunt	Person	"To see your aunt in your dream represents family connection, heritage and value."											aura	Illness	To see an aura around you or someone else indicates that some important information is being relayed to you in the dream.											aurora_borealis	Unknown	"To see the aurora borealis in your dream represents renewed energy, vitality, awe, insight and youth."											australia	Place	To dream about or that you are in Australia suggests that you are being pulled toward opposite directions.											author	Person	"To see an author in your dream suggests that your mind is preoccupied with some story, essay, or report that you are working on."	To dream that you are an author indicates that you need to better express your opinions.										autism	Illness	To dream that you or someone has autism indicates that you are having problems communicating your feelings and thoughts to others.											autograph	Unknown	To dream that you are asking for an autograph indicates your desire to be like the person whose autograph you seek.	To dream that someone is asking for your autograph suggests that you are giving your consent or approval to someone.										autumn	Unknown	To dream of autumn represents the cycle of life - something is about to come to an end and something new will begin.											autopsy	Activity	To see an autopsy in your dream suggests that you are disconnected from your feelings or devoid of emotions.											avalanche	Event	To see an avalanche in your dream signifies your raging emotions which have been held back and repressed for a long time.											aviary	Building	To dream that you are in an aviary indicates a decreased sense of freedom.											avocado	Food	"To see or eat an avocado in your dream symbolizes lust, sexuality, fertility, potential, and continuity of life."	To see an avocado tree in your dream suggests that you will be well rewarded if you devote some time and effort to some goal or project.										awaken	Unknown	To awaken in your dream represents a spiritual rebirth.	To dream that you awaken someone up suggests that you are acknowledging core aspects of that person within your own self.										awakening	Action	To dream that you have an awakening signifies that new ideas will be realized.											award	Event	To dream that you receive an award indicates that you feel you deserve some recognition or some acknowledgment of your work.											ax	Tool	To see an ax in your dream indicates that you are overly controlling.	"To dream that you are chopping wood with an ax suggests that you need to divide your problems into smaller, more manageable sizes."										axle	Tool	To see an axle in your dream suggests that you need to concentrate on the more important things in life.	"To dream that you have a broken axle indicates a lack of confidence, independence and control in your life."										b	Letter	"To see the letter B in your dream is a pun on ""to be""."											baboon	Animal	To see a baboon in your dream suggests that you need to be more expressive in your feelings.											baby	Activity	"To see a baby in your dream signifies innocence, warmth and new beginnings."											baby_bottle	Unknown	To see a baby bottle in your dream represents your issues of dependency.											baby_carriage	Conveyance	To see a baby carriage in your dream symbolizes your desire for a family or longing for a baby.											baby_cloth	Unknown	To see baby clothes in your dream suggests that you are expressing yourself in a more subtle way.											baby_food	Unknown	To see or feed baby food in your dream indicates that nurturance and care is needed in a waking situation.	To eat or dream that you are being fed baby food indicates that you are being forced to re-learn something that you already know.										baby_shower	Unknown	To dream of a baby shower suggests that you are welcoming a new start.											babysitter	Person	To see or call for a babysitter in your dream indicates that you need to acknowledge and work on your inner child.											bachelor	Person	To meet a bachelor in your dream suggests that you are seeking freedom in your love life.											back-biting	Unknown	To dream of back-biting about someone warns that you will cause harm to someone if you continue on your current course.	To dream that someone is back-biting you signifies that you will have some family problems.										back	Activity	"To dream of your back represents your attitudes, strengths, burdens and stance in the world."	To see a naked back in your dream symbolizes secrets that you may have kept from others or aspects of yourself that you have kept hidden and shielded away.	To see a person turn their back on you signifies that you will be deeply hurt as a result of envy and jealousy.									backdoor	Action	To see a backdoor in your dream suggests that you need to search a little harder to find an answer to your problem.											backflips	Unknown	To dream that you are doing backflips suggests that you are going out of your way to help or please someone.											backgammon	Activity	To see a backgammon game in your dream represents an unwelcome guest.	To dream that you lose at backgammon symbolizes misfortune and unlucky in love.										backpack	Unknown	To see or carry a backpack in your dream represents the decisions and responsibilities that are weighing your down.											backpacking	Action	To dream that you are backpacking symbolizes your self-sufficiency and survival skills.											backseat	Tool	To dream that you are sitting in the backseat of a car suggests that you are no longer in control of your life.	To dream that someone is sitting in your backseat highlights your own position of power and control.										backstage	Unknown	To dream that you are backstage symbolizes opportunities and access.											backstroke	Action	"To dream that you are doing the backstroke suggests that although you are acknowledging your emotions, you are not confronting them head on."											backyard	Place	To dream about your backyard represents your childhood memories or your subconscious.											bacon	Substance	"To see bacon in your dream symbolizes essentials, staples, and life's supply."	To see bacon that has gone rancid in your dream suggests a forbidden situation.										bad	Unknown	"To dream that you are feeling bad suggests that you are off balance, off centered, or even feeling worthless."											bad_breath	Unknown	To dream that you have bad breath suggests that you need to think twice before opening your mouth.											badge	Unknown	To see or flash a badge in your dream represents recognition of your position.											badger	Animal	To see a badger in your dream signifies your persistence and final victory over your opponents.											badminton	Activity	To play or watch a badminton game in your dream indicates that you need to make a decision quickly or else opportunities will pass you by.											bag	Activity	To see a bag in your dream represents the responsibilities that you carry.	To dream of a bag full of junk symbolizes that you are burdened with worries and problems; you have to find a way on unloading some of this burden.										bagel	Substance	To see or eat a bagel in your dream suggests that there is key element missing from your life.											baggage	Person	To see or carry baggage in your dream refers to the problems and things that you are carrying on your shoulders and weighing your down.											baggage_claim	Structure	To dream that you are at baggage claim suggests that you are experiencing a lack of identity.											baggage_scanner	Unknown	To see a baggage scanner or have your baggage scanned in your dream implies that your identity is under scrutiny.											bail	Unknown	To dream that you are making bail symbolizes your need to accept help in your business dealings.											bailiff	Person	To see a bailiff in your dream suggests that you have crossed a certain boundary and now must be held accountable for your actions.	To dream that a bailiff is arresting you signifies your need to improve your business ethics.										bait	Tool	To see bait in your dream suggests that you may be fishing for a deal or a compliment.											bake-house	Unknown	To see a bake-house in your dream signifies danger and pitfalls that you may be encountering in your waking life.											bakery	Place	To see a bakery in your dream signifies richness and success.											baking	Action	To dream that you are baking represents your creative self and your ability to make things happen.											balaclava	Unknown	To see or wear a balaclava in your dream refers to a sinister or painful secret you are keeping.	To see someone in a balaclava represents the shadow aspect of your persona.										balance	Tool	To dream that you lose your balance suggests that you are having difficulty weighing your options and choices in some situation.											balance_beam	Unknown	To dream that you are walking on a balance beam indicates that there is a situation that requires your focus and full attention.											balcony	Structure	To see or dream that you are on a balcony refers to your desire to be seen and noticed.											bald	Unknown	To dream that you are going bald suggests a lack of self-esteem or worries about getting older.											ball	Action	To see or play with a ball in your dream symbolizes completeness and wholeness.	To dream that you are watching a ball game indicates that you need to take more initiative.	To attend a ball in your dream refers to your celebration of life.									ballerina	Person	To dream that you are a ballerina suggests that you are moving through the obstacles of your life effortlessly.	To see someone you know as a ballerina indicates that this person is tiptoeing around certain issues instead of confronting it.										ballet	Activity	"To dream that you are watching a ballet symbolizes balance, cooperation, and harmony."	To see or wear ballet slippers in your dream represents your understanding of the principles of balance and grace.										ballet_shoe	Unknown	"To see or wear ballet shoes in your dream means that you need to approach a certain problem or situation with attention, care and decisiveness."											balloon	Conveyance	"To dream that you or someone is blowing up a balloon represents your aspirations, goals and ambitions."	To see an ascending balloon in your dream signifies frustrating conditions in your life in which you are seeking to rise above.	To see a balloon pop in your dream symbolizes an unrealized goal or dream.	To see or dream that you are in a hot air balloon suggests that it is time to overcome your depression.								ballot	Action	To see a ballot in your dream represents a decision that needs to be made.											ballroom	Structure	To dream that you are in a ballroom refers to some festivity or celebration.											ballroom_dancing	Activity	To dream that you are ballroom dancing indicates success in your endeavors.											bamboo	Plant	"To see bamboo in your dream symbolizes trustworthiness, strength and resilience."	To dream that the bamboo is soft or rotting suggests that there is imbalance in your waking life.										banana	Food	To see bananas in your dream may be a metaphor for repressed sexual urges and desires.	To dream that you are eating bananas indicate that your hard work will be met with little rewards or gains.										band	Tool	To see a band or play with a band in your dream represents a sense of community and belonging.											bandage	Unknown	To dream that you have bandages indicate your need to heal.	To dream that someone is throwing bandages at you suggests that someone is causing you some emotional pain.										bandana	Unknown	To see or wear a bandana in your dream suggests that you need to look at issue or problem more objectively.											bandit	Person	To see or dream that you are a bandit indicates primitive sexuality and primal lust.											banjo	Musical_Instrument	To dream that you are playing a banjo represents togetherness.	To hear or see someone playing a banjo in your dream signifies a joyous and happy occasion.										bank	Action	To see a bank in your dream denotes your desires for financial security.	To dream that you are robbing a bank signifies that you are expending too much energy and are in danger of depleting your inner resources.										banker	Person	To see a banker in your dream suggests that you are experiencing financial difficulties or money problems and may be too proud to get help.											bankrupt	Person	To dream that you are bankrupt indicates that you need to start taking measures to protect yourself and your resources.											banner	Unknown	To see a banner in your dream indicates your willingness to stand up and fight for a cause or common goal.											banquet	Food	To dream that you are at a banquet indicates that you are emotionally malnourished.											banyan	Plant	To see a banyan tree in your dream represents shelter and protection.											bar	Event	To dream that you are at a public bar signifies your desire to escape from the stresses of your daily life and retreat into a light-hearted environment where pleasure abounds.	To see a metal bar in your dream represents your own inner strength.										barbarian	Person	To see or dream that you are a barbarian represents the savage and instinctual aspect of your character.											barbecue	Structure	To dream of a barbecue refers to a minor issue or transformation occurring in your waking life.											barbed_wire	Unknown	To see barbed wire in your dream represents difficulty in breaking through or getting your point across to someone.	To dream that you are caught in barbed wire symbolizes oppression and confinement.										barber's_pole	Unknown	To see a barber's pole in your dream indicates that you are contemplating a change in your life.											barcode	Unknown	"To see a barcode in your dream symbolizes automation, simplification and ease."											barefoot	Unknown	"To dream that you are barefoot represents your playful attitudes and relaxed, carefree frame of mind."	To dream that you are walking barefoot on a construction site means that you are not ready to put in the work necessary to improve your mind or body.										baritone	Musical_Instrument	To hear a baritone voice in your dream indicates deceit and suspicion.											barley	Food	"To see or eat barley in your dream signifies good health, progress, and satisfaction with your life."											barn	Building	To see a barn in your dream signifies the feelings that are kept in your subconscious.											barnacle	Bird	To see barnacles in your dream suggest that there is a situation you need to confront head on before it gets out of control.											barometer	Tool	To see a barometer in your dream represents the state of your inner feelings and how you are coping with emotions or situations.											barrack	Structure	To dream that you are living in barracks suggest that you are in a restrictive situation.											barrel	Place	To see an empty barrel in your dream signifies unfulfilled needs and emotional emptiness.											barrette	Tool	To see or wear a barrette in your dream indicates that you are open to a new idea.											barrier	Structure	To see a barrier in your dream represents an obstacle to your emotional growth.											barrister	Person	To see a barrister with a white wig in your dream symbolizes wisdom and knowledge.											bartender	Person	To dream that you are a bartender suggests that you want to escape from the demands of your daily life.											baseball	Activity	To dream that you are attending a baseball game represents contentment and peace of mind.	To dream that you are playing baseball denotes your need to set goals and achieve them.	To dream that you are on a baseball field indicates that you need to pay attention to opportunities that are coming your way.	To see a baseball field under construction refers to unresolved sexual issues.								baseball_bat	Tool	To see or hold a baseball bat in your dream represents your motivating and driving forces.											basement	Structure	To dream that you are in a basement symbolizes your subconscious mind and intuition.	To dream that the basement is in disarray and messy signifies some confusion in which you need to sort out.										basil	Food	"To see, smell, or taste basil in your dream refers to kindness, sweetness, and deep love."											basket	Action	To see a basket in your dream symbolizes the womb and physical body.											basketball	Activity	To dream that you are playing basketball indicates teamwork and cooperation.	To see a basketball in your dream suggests that you need to make the first move.										bass	Fish	To play bass in your dream represents the beat and rhythm of life.	To sing bass in your dream symbolizes a solid foundation and groundwork for what is ahead.										bastard	Person	To dream that you are a bastard suggests that you need to learn to give love in order to receive love.											basting	Action	To dream that you are basting meat indicates that you are trying to incorporate a little more flavor and pizzazz in your life.											bath	Activity	To dream that you are taking a bath signifies a cleansing of your outer and inner self.											bathing_suit	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a bathing suit suggests that you are feeling exposed or emotionally vulnerable.											bathrobe	Unknown	To see or wear a bathrobe in your dream represents your personal needs or privacy issues.											bathroom	Structure	To dream that you are in the bathroom relates to your instinctual urges.	To dream that you are in a bathroom meant for the opposite sex suggests that you are overstepping your boundaries.	To dream that you can not find the bathroom or that you have difficulties finding one indicates that you have difficulties in releasing and expressing your emotions.									batman	Person	To see Batman in your dream suggests that you need to utilize your wits and resources in order to help yourself or others.											baton	Tool	To see or throw a baton in your dream represents your need for self expression and recognition in a dramatic way.											bat	Activity	"To see a bat in your dream symbolizes uncleanness, demons, and annoyances."											battery	Activity	To see a battery in your dream symbolizes life energy and vitality.											batting	Activity	To dream that you are batting signifies confrontations.											batting_cage	Unknown	To dream that you are in a batting cage indicates that something or someone is holding your back from fully expressing your anger.											battle	Activity	To be in or see a battle in your dream suggests that you are overworked.	To dream that you win a battle indicates that you will achieve balance in various aspects of your life.										battlefield	Place	To dream that you are on a battlefield represents some major conflict occurring in your waking life.											battleship	Conveyance	"To play the game Battleship in your dream signifies the ""hit or miss"" approach you have to life."											bay	Animal	To see a bay in your dream represents understanding.											bay_tree	Plant	"To see a bay tree in your dream symbolizes immortality, longevity, resurrection, success, and victory."											bay_window	Structure	To see a bay window in your dream indicates that you are trying to gain a different or wider perspective on things.											bayonet	Weapon	To hear or play a bayonet in your dream suggests that you need to stand up and fight for your beliefs.											bb_gun	Weapon	To see or use a BB Gun in your dream symbolizes an unperceived threat.											beach	Unknown	To see the beach in your dream symbolizes the meeting between your two states of mind.	To dream that you are on the beach and looking out toward the ocean indicates unknown and major changes that are occurring in your life.	To dream that you are looking toward the beach suggests that you are returning to what is familiar to you.	To dream that you are relaxing on a beach signifies that the coming weeks will be calm and tranquil for you.	To dream that you are working on the beach signifies a business project that will consume most of your time.							beach_ball	Unknown	To see or play with a beach ball in your dream signifies your playful and lighthearted emotions.											beach_house	Building	To see or live in a beach house in your dream implies that you need to take time off and relax.											bead	Unknown	To see beads in your dream indicate your tendency to please others and put their needs in front of your own.	To dream that you are stringing beads suggests that you have laid the groundwork for your success.	"To dream that you are counting beads symbolizes pleasure, calmness and joy."									beak	Body_Part	To see a beak of a bird in your dream suggests that you or someone is meddling in a situation you or they have no business in.											beaker	Unknown	To see or use a beaker in you dream signifies your need to integrate various aspects of your life together.											beanbag	Unknown	To see or toss a beanbag in your dream signifies a carefree or lackadaisical attitude.											beanbag_chair	Unknown	To see or sit on a beanbag chair indicates temporary setbacks.											beanie_baby	Unknown	To see a beanie baby in your dream suggests that you are able to adapt to most situations.											bean	Body_Part	To see or eat beans in your dream signify your connection to your roots and to humanity.	To dream that you are picking up beans symbolizes your frugal and thrifty ways.										bear	Animal	"To see a bear in your dream represents independence, strength, death and renewal, and/or resurrection."											bear_trap	Unknown	To see or set a bear trap in your dream represents obstacles in your path that may be difficult to overcome.											beard	Substance	"To see a long beard in your dream is representative of old age and insight, and wisdom."											beast	Animal	To see a beast in your dream signifies foolishness and ignorance.											beating	Event	To dream that you are beating someone indicates that you are shoving your own views and opinions on others.											beautiful	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is extraordinarily beautiful refers to aspects of yourself that you admire and appreciate.											beauty_mask	Unknown	To apply or wear a beauty mask in your dream refers to your desire to hide your imperfections.	To see someone wearing a beauty mask in your dream indicates that he or she is trying too hard to meet other's standards and ideals.										beaver	Animal	To see a beaver in your dream symbolizes energy ambition and productivity.											bed	Place	To see your bed in your dream represents your intimate self and discovery of your sexuality.	To dream that you are searching for a bed suggests that you are having difficulties acknowledging your intimate self.	To dream that you are floating or lifting up into the air from your bed suggests that you are feeling helpless and disconnected from those around you.									bed_and_breakfast	Building	To dream that you are staying in a bed and breakfast indicates that you are looking to have your basic needs met.											bedbugs	Unknown	To dream of bedbugs indicate that you are uneasy or annoyed about some situation or relationship.											bedpan	Unknown	To see or use a bedpan in your dream indicates that you have been emotionally hurt and need time to heal.											bedridden	Unknown	To dream that you are bedridden signifies ignorance or denial.											bedroom	Structure	To dream that you are in the bedroom signifies aspects of yourself that you keep private and hidden.	To dream of your childhood bedroom indicates that a current situation or feeling has triggered a memory from your childhood that you have kept secret.										bedspread	Unknown	To notice or buy bedspread in your dream represents your open sexuality and outward beauty.											bee_pollen	Unknown	To dream that you are eating bee pollen means that you are looking for a more holistic or natural approach to improving your well-being.											beech	Plant	"To see a beech tree in your dream symbolizes intellect, learning and wisdom."											beef	Animal	To see or eat beef in your dream signifies your animal instinct and animalistic energy.											beehive	Place	To see a beehive in your dream denotes that there are many opportunities for you to get ahead in life.	To see an empty beehive signifies sorrow over love affairs and financial losses.	To dream of destroying a beehive symbolizes losses and bad luck.									beekeeper	Person	To see or dream that you are a beekeeper implies that you need to find a balance between your professional life and your social life.											beer	Food	"To see or drink beer in your dream represents happiness, relaxation, and/ or inspiration."											beer_bong	Unknown	To see or drink from a beer bong in your dream represents your desires to escape from the stressors in your life.											beetle	Invertebrate	To see a beetle in your dream indicates that some destructive influences may be at work in your waking life.											beet	Substance	To see or eat beets in your dream symbolize success and abundance.											beggar	Person	To see or dream that you are a beggar represents your sense of insecurity and lack of self-worth.	To dream that you are helping a beggar indicates that you will overcome your hardships and inadequacies.										behind	Body_Part	To dream that you are behind someone suggests that you are offering your support and encouragement for someone.	To dream that you are left behind represents feelings of rejection or not fitting into a group.										bell_pepper	Substance	"To see or eat a bell pepper in your dream represents your tenacity, your defense mechanism and your ability to put up a fight."											bellhop	Person	To dream that you are a bellhop suggests that you are carrying the burdens of others on your shoulders.	To see a bellhop in your dream indicates that you are pushing your problems and burdens on others.										bellow	Person	To use a bellow in your dream symbolizes hard work and industry.											belly	Body_Part	To see your belly in your dream indicates that your are processing and integrating your ideas and feelings from the subconscious to the conscious level.	To see a pregnant belly represents emotions that are due to come to the surface.	To dream that you are stroking or touching a belly indicates that you are coming to terms with certain feelings.	To dream that you or someone has a belly piercing denotes your deep connection with your mother.								below	Unknown	To see something below you in your dream indicates that you are looking down on others.											belt	Action	To see a belt in your dream signifies a constricted flow of life energy and issues of morality.											bench	Unknown	To see or sit on a bench signifies your tendency to procrastinate and put things aside.											bending	Action	To dream that you are bending signifies your ability to adapt to new situations.											bereavement	Unknown	To dream that you are in bereavement suggests that you are repressing your grief.											beret	Unknown	To see or wear a beret in your dream symbolizes the military.											berry	Food	To see or eat berries in your dream indicate that you will be involved with a fulfilling relationship or experience.											beryl	Substance	To see beryl in your dream symbolizes hope and happiness.											best_man	Person	To dream that you are the best man of a wedding refers to your self-confidence.											bestiality	Unknown	To see or be involved in bestiality in your dream represents your animalistic and carnal desires.											bet	Activity	To dream that you are making a bet suggests that you are taking a risk in a relationship or work situation which may not be such a wise choice.											betta_fish	Unknown	To see a betta fish in your dream indicates that thoughts from your subconscious is close to emerging to the surface.											beverage	Food	To drink a beverage in your dream represents your ability to understand and take in a new idea or concept.											bible	Unknown	"To see or read the bible in your dream symbolizes truth, belief, inspiration and knowledge."	To buy a bible in your dream suggests that you are trying to justify your actions.										bicycle	Conveyance	To dream that you are riding a bicycle signifies your desires to attain a balance in your life.	To see a bicycle in your dream indicates that you need to devote time to leisurely pursuits and recreation.	To dream that you are riding tandem in a bicycle suggests that you are more accepting with aspects of yourself or of your partner that you have previously rejected.									bier	Tool	To see a bier in your dream symbolizes a loss.											big	Unknown	To see a big figure in your dream represents authority and power.											big_bird	Unknown	To see Big Bird in your dream represents friendship and acceptance.											bigamy	Activity	To dream that you commit bigamy suggests that you are having an extremely difficult time with weighing out your options and making a decision between two choices.											bigfoot	Unknown	To see bigfoot in your dream symbolizes the unknown and the subconscious.	To see or drive a bigfoot truck in your dream indicates that you have total control over the path that your life is taking.										bikini	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a bikini suggests that you are feeling exposed.											bile	Substance	To dream of your bile suggests that you are moody and irritable.											billboard	Structure	To see a billboard in your dream is a sign or message that you need to take note of in your path toward your goals.											billionaire	Person	To see or dream that you are a billionaire points to your desires.											bill	Activity	To see bills in your dream suggest that your mind is preoccupied with financial and money matters.											billiards	Activity	To dream that you are playing billiards represents your competitive nature.											binder	Machine	To see a binder in your dream represents things that you need to keep track and stay on top of.											bingo	Activity	To see or play bingo in your dream symbolizes a sudden revelation.											binocular	Unknown	To dream that you are looking through a pair of binoculars suggests that you need to take a long and close look at a situation.											bioluminescence	Unknown	To see a bioluminescence in your dream suggests that you are seeking attention.											birch	Tool	To see a birch tree in your dream indicates self-punishment or guilt issues.											bird	Bird	To see bird eggs in your dream symbolize money.	"To see a bird nest in your dream symbolizes independence, refuge and security."										bird's_eye_view	Unknown	To see your dream from a bird's eye view implies that you are on top of a situation.											bird_of_paradise	Bird	To see a bird of paradise in your dream represents your hard shell and cold exterior.											birdbath	Unknown	To see a birdbath in your dream symbolizes spiritual cleansing.											birdcage	Unknown	To see a birdcage in your dream represents a loss of freedom.											birdhouse	Unknown	To see a birdhouse in your dream symbolizes the season of spring.											birdseed	Food	"To dream of feeding birds with birdseed suggest that you are nourishing your higher, spiritual qualities."	"To dream that you are spreading birdseed on the ground, signifies minor growth in your business endeavors."										birth	Event	To dream of giving birth or see someone else giving birth suggests that you are giving birth to a new idea or project.											birthday	Unknown	To dream about your birthday denotes acceptance of yourself.	"To dream that your birthday was forgotten suggests that you are feeling lonely, overshadowed, and under-appreciated."										birthday_cake	Substance	To see a birthday cake in your dream indicates that the best of your wishes will be realized.											birthmark	Unknown	To dream that you have a birthmark serves as a reminder that something you must either do or never do again.											bitter	Food	To dream that something is or tastes bitter suggests that a certain aspect or condition in your life is becoming difficult to swallow and tolerate.											black_cat	Animal	To see a black cat in your dream indicates that you are experiencing fear in using your psychic abilities and in believing in your intuition.											black_eye	Event	To dream that you have or get a black eye indicates unresolved conflict.											black_hole	Place	To see the black hole in your dream indicates that there is no turning back on a decision that you have made.											black_widow	Invertebrate	To see a black widow in your dream suggests fear or uncertainty regarding a relationship.											blackberry	Food	To see or eat blackberries in your dream suggest that you are becoming careless.											blackbird	Bird	To see a blackbird in your dream signifies a lack of motivation.											blackout	Event	To dream that there is a blackout indicates your lack of insight and perspective on a situation.											blacksmith	Person	To see a blacksmith in your dream represents inner strength and endurance.											bladder	Body_Part	To dream about your bladder suggests that you need to show some restraint in exercising your power.											blade	Tool	To see a blade in your dream suggests that you are making some difficult and important decisions.	"To dream that a blade is broken in half indicates some ambivalence, confusion or ambiguity with some decision that you are trying to make."										blame	Unknown	To blame someone else for something you did in your dream indicates that you are trying to deflect responsibilities for your actions.											blanket	Unknown	"To see a blanket in your dream symbolizes warmth, love, security and protection."	To dream that you are wrapped in a blanket indicates your fear of the unknown.	To dream that you are covering or wrapping someone in a blanket indicates your desire to care for that person.									bleach	Action	To see or use bleach in your dream signifies a time of healing and cleansing.											bleachers	Unknown	To see or sit on bleachers in your dream indicates that you are reflecting on the progress of your goals.											blender	Tool	To see a blender in your dream symbolizes your ability to blend various ideas into a harmonious whole.											blessing	Activity	To dream of a blessing indicates that you are free to move ahead in some endeavor.											blimp	Conveyance	"To see or ride in a blimp in your dream represents your goals, ambitions and aspirations."											blind	Unknown	To dream that you are blind represents your refusal to see the truth or your lack of awareness to a problem.	To see a blind person in your dream suggests that you are letting opportunities pass you by.	"To dream that a blind person has regained their sight in one or both eyes implies that you do not need to be able to physically see certain things in order to ""see"" things."									blind_date	Person	To dream that you are on a blind date represents unknown aspects of yourself that you are trying to get know or acknowledge.											blindfold	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a blindfold indicates that you are being deceived by someone or by some situation.											blind	Unknown	To see or dream that you are shutting the blinds suggests that you are in denial about a situation or problem.	To dream that you are opening the blinds indicates that you are ready to reveal something significant and/or personal that was previously unknown.										blinkers	Unknown	To see or use the blinkers in your dream mean that you are looking for validation or approval.											blinking	Unknown	To dream that you are blinking indicates that there is something you fear in seeing.											blister	Body_Part	To dream that you have a blister indicates that some minor annoyance or problem is draining your energy and time.											blizzard	Unknown	To dream about a blizzard suggests that you are feeling emotionally cold and frigid.											bloated	Unknown	To dream that you are bloated indicates some pent up emotion.											block	Action	To see a block or blocks in your dream represent obstacles that you need to overcome.											blog	Unknown	To read or write a blog in your dream suggests that you are trying to change or rewrite the past to suit your own needs.	To dream that someone is reading your blog indicates your popularity.										blonde	Person	To see a blonde person in your dream suggests that you need to enjoy life and live it up.	To dream that you dye your hair blonde indicates that you literally need to lighten up and quit being so serious all the time.										blood	Substance	"To see blood in your dream represents life, love, and passion as well as disappointments."	To dream that you are bleeding or losing blood signifies that you are suffering from exhaustion or that you are feeling emotionally drained.	To dream that you are drinking blood indicates that you have a fresh burst of vitality and power.	To dream that you are giving or donating blood suggests that you are feeling physically drained due to stress.								blood_pressure	Unknown	To dream about your blood pressure suggests that a situation or problem is causing you some stress.											bloodstone	Substance	"To see or wear bloodstone in your dream symbolizes tranquility, tolerance, and understanding."											blossom	Unknown	To see a blossom in your dream represents the beauty within your Self.											blouse	Unknown	To wear or buy a blouse in your dream indicates that you are trying to express your emotions.											blow_torch	Unknown	To see or use a blow torch in your dream indicates that you are trying to obliterate an aspect of your self that you are ashamed of or are embarrassed about.											blowhole	Body_Part	"To see a blowhole in your dream represents sudden outbursts of emotion, usually anger."											blowout	Activity	To dream that you have a blowout suggests that unexpected occurrences are creating obstacles and delays toward your goals.											blue_jay	Bird	To see a blue jay in your dream indicates that you are over-confident and being too arrogant.											bluebell	Plant	To see bluebells in your dream foretell of news coming your way.											blueberry	Food	To see or eat blueberries in your dream represent your youth and the desire to recapture aspects of your youth.											bluebird	Bird	To see a bluebird in your dream symbolizes both happiness and sadness.											blueprint	Unknown	To see a blueprint in your dream indicates that you need to pay closer attention at the details before proceeding forward with some plan or relationship.											blurry	Unknown	To have a blurry dream indicates that there is something you are not confronting or are refusing to see.											blush	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing blush indicates that you want to be more expressive and loving.											boa_constrictor	Animal	To see a boa constrictor in your dream suggests that you are feeling suffocated or restricted in some personal relationship.											boar	Animal	To see a boar in your dream indicates that you need to look inside to find the answers and secrets about yourself and the people around you.											board_game	Activity	To see or play board games in your dream signifies your progress in life.											boardinghouse	Building	To dream that you are in a boardinghouse signifies emotional difficulties and hardships.											boardwalk	Place	To dream that you are on a boardwalk symbolizes your life's path.											boat	Conveyance	To dream that you are in or see a boat signifies your ability to cope with and express your emotions.											boathouse	Building	To see or live in a boathouse in your dream suggests that you are well in tune with your emotions.											bobble_head	Unknown	To see a bobble head in your dream represents your tendency to go along with what other people do or say.											bobby_pin	Tool	To see or use a bobby pin your dream represents your need for order and neatness.											bobcat	Animal	To see a bobcat in your dream suggests that you need to pay close attention to what you see and hear in your daily life.											body	Structure	To dream about your own body signifies your level of self-worth and self-esteem.	To see a decomposing body in your dream refers to a situation that has long been dead.	To see or find a bloody dead body in your dream refers to a situation or issue that you can no longer avoid.									body_bag	Unknown	To see a body bag in your dream indicates that you are feeling distant or disconnected.											body_builder	Unknown	To see a body builder in your dream suggests that you need to develop a better sense of power or be more flexible in some situation.	To dream that you are a body builder means that you are feeling empowered.										body_odor	Unknown	To smell body odor in your dream signifies an issue or problem that needs to be addressed.											body_paint	Unknown	To dream that you are covered in body paint represents acceptance of yourself.											bodyguard	Person	To dream that you have a bodyguard indicates that you are uneasy about some situation in your waking life.	To dream that you are a bodyguard represents your desire to protect others from emotional hurt.										bogeyman	Unknown	To see a bogeyman in your dream symbolizes the repressed and rejected aspect of yourself.											bohemian	Person	To dream that you are a bohemian or that you are living a bohemian lifestyle symbolizes your carefree and easy going attitude.											boiler	Tool	To see a boiler in your dream represents rage that is on the verge of being expressed in a dramatic way.											boiler_room	Unknown	To dream that you are in a boiler room refers to your ability to keep your temper and aggression contained.											boiling	Action	To dream that something is boiling represents transformation and/or sacrifice.											bok_choy	Substance	To see or eat bok choy in your dream suggests that you need to stop dwelling on minor things in your life.											bologna	Substance	To eat bologna in your dream indicates financial insecurities.											bolt	Event	To see a bolt in your dream suggests that you are protecting yourself from difficult emotions and experiences.											bomb	Tool	To see a bomb in your dream indicates that you are going through a potentially explosive situation in your waking life.	To dream that you are unable to disarm a bomb suggests that your anger is out of control.	To dream of a bomb threat suggests that you are experiencing some inner anger and/or pressures which are on the verge of exploding into violence.									bomb_shelter	Unknown	To dream that you are in a bomb shelter suggests that you are being overly protective with some emotion or aspect of your waking life.											bondage	Unknown	To dream that you are in bondage signifies that aspects of your emotions and/or character are too tightly controlled or that are repressed.											bone	Body_Part	"To see bones in your dream represent the discovery of your personal, family, or cultural secrets."											bonfire	Event	To see a bonfire in your dream suggests that you need to find a new path and set forth toward a different goal.											bonnet	Unknown	To see or wear a bonnet in your dream represents your sheltered ideals and old-fashioned beliefs.											bonsai_tree	Unknown	To see a bonsai tree in your dream indicates the limitations of your own conscious mind.											booger	Substance	To dream that you are picking a booger out of your nose indicates that you are ready to confront some subconscious material.											boogie_board	Unknown	To see or ride a boogie board in your dream indicates that you are riding out the difficulties and taking each day one day at a time.											booing	Unknown	To hear booing or dream that you are being booed indicates that you are seeking approval and affirmation from others.											bookkeeper	Person	To dream that you are a bookkeeper represents a need to keep you life in balance and in harmony.											bookmark	Unknown	To see a bookmark in your dream represents memories and aspects of your past.											book	Unknown	To see books in your dream indicate calmness.	"To see dusty books in your dream denotes forgotten knowledge or previous ""chapters"" of your life."	To see children's books in your dream symbolize memories from your own childhood.									bookshelf	Tool	"To see a bookshelf in your dream represents the various levels of your mind where ideas, concepts, and memories are kept."											bookstore	Structure	To dream that you are at a bookstore symbolizes your quest for knowledge and ideas.											boomerang	Event	"To see or throw a boomerang in your dream indicates that what you do to others will come back to you, whether it is positive or negative."											booster_cable	Tool	To see or use booster cables in your dream suggests that you need to get a jumpstart on your goals.											boot_camp	Structure	To dream that you are in a boot camp represents your need for discipline and rigid rules.											bootlegger	Person	To dream that you are a bootlegger suggests that you feel that you are above the law.											boot	Action	To see or dream that you are wearing boots refers to the power in your movement and the boldness of your position.											border	Place	To see or cross the border in your dream indicates that you are entering a new phase or transition in your life.											boss	Structure	To see your boss in your dream represents the bossy or authoritative side of your own personality.											botox	Substance	To dream that you are getting botox injections suggests that you are trying to hide emotions or worries about a situation.											bottle	Unknown	"To see a bottle in your dream indicates that you are pushing your feelings back inside, rather than expressing them."	To see an empty bottle denotes that you have exhausted your inner resources.										bottle_brush	Unknown	To see or use a bottle brush in your dream refers to an emotional cleansing.											boulder	Place	To see a boulder in your dream symbolizes a major obstacle and problem in some component of your life.											bounce_house	Unknown	To see or play in a bounce house in your dream indicates a lack of stability in your life.											bouncer	Person	To see a bouncer in your dream means that you are suppressing your desires.											bound	Action	To dream that you are bound or tied up represents your need to be free from some relationship or situation.											boundary	Place	To see a boundary in your dream indicates that something is restricting your growth and hindering your goals.											bounty_hunter	Person	To dream that you are a bounty hunter is analogous to the pursuit of your goals.											bouquet	Unknown	"To dream that you receive or give a floral bouquet signifies respect, affection, approval, graciousness, admiration, and love."											boutonniere	Unknown	To see or wear a boutonniere in your dream represents some special occasion.											bow	Action	To see or tie a bow in your dream symbolizes femininity.	To see an archer's bow in your dream refers to the pursuit and accomplishment of your goals.										bow_and_arrow	Weapon	To see a bow and arrow in your dream represents a combination of female and male energies.											bowel_movement	Unknown	To dream that you have a bowel movement signifies that you are successfully getting rid of your old habits/ways and thinking patterns.	To dream that you have a bowel movement in a public place suggests that you are expressing regret about something that you said.										bowing	Activity	"To dream that you are bowing symbolizes respect, honor, humility, and reverence."											bowl	Structure	To see a bowl in your dream symbolizes the womb and sense of security.											bowling	Action	"To dream that you are bowling represents the strikes, hits, and misses in your life."											bowling_pin	Unknown	To see a bowling pin in your dream symbolizes an issue that you are trying to address or knock down.											box	Action	To see a box in your dream signifies your instinctual nature and destructive impulses.	To dream that you are opening a box indicates an aspect of yourself that was once hidden is now being revealed.										boxcar	Conveyance	To see a boxcar or a cable car in your dream signifies financial security.											boxing	Action	To watch boxing or dream that you are a boxer suggests that you are experiencing some internal struggle or conflict.											boxing_glove	Unknown	To see boxing gloves in your dream represents a difficult or even violent situation in which you are trying your best to succeed or overcome.											boyfriend	Person	To see your boyfriend in your dream represents your waking relationship with him and how you feel about him.	"To dream that your boyfriend is dead indicates that something in your own Self that is no longer functional and is ""dead""."										bra	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a bra signifies support and protection.	To dream that you are not wearing a bra indicates that you have no discipline or control.										bracelet	Unknown	To see or wear a bracelet in your dream refers to an expression of deep passion and fire.	To see a broken bracelet in your dream suggests that you tend to sacrifice your own comfort and happiness for others.										brace	Tool	To dream that you have braces indicates your brashness and critics of others.											bragging	Event	To dream that you are bragging indicates that you are feeling insecure about yourself.											braid	Unknown	To dream that your hair is in braids represents your neat and orderly way of thinking.											braille	Person	To read Braille in your dream suggests that you are trying to express yourself without words.											brain	Body_Part	To dream of your brain suggests that you are under severe intellectual stress.	To dream that you are undergoing brain surgery indicates that you need to rethink some important issue.										brake	Tool	To dream that you are applying your brakes signifies that you should slow down in your business and/or personal affairs.	To dream that your brakes fail or that you can't reach the brakes forewarns that you lack stability in your life.										bramble	Plant	To see or be entangled in bramble indicates that you are feeling trapped in a relationship or emotionally.											branch	Structure	"To see branches in your dream symbolize good luck, growth, and new life."	To see broken branches in your dream represents a personal or work-related problem.										branded	Unknown	To dream that you are getting branded means that you are being typecast or wrongfully labeled.											brandy	Food	To drink brandy in your dream symbolizes your preoccupation with material gains and money.											brass	Musical_Instrument	"To see brass in your dream indicates deception, falsehood and deceitfulness."	To dream that you are polishing brass suggests that you need to smooth out the rough edges of your personality.										bread	Substance	To see bread in your dream represents the basic needs of life.											break	Action	To dream that you break something indicates that changes are ahead for you.											breakdancing	Unknown	To dream that you are breakdancing suggests that you are deliberate and controlled in your actions.											breakfast	Food	To dream about breakfast indicates the start of a new project or the beginning of a new stage in your life.											breast_feeding	Activity	"To dream that you are breast feeding or nursing symbolizes tenderness, love, nurturance, and motherly love."											breast_implant	Tool	To dream that you get or have breast implants refer to your body image issues.											breast_pump	Unknown	To see or use a breast pump in your dream refers to your ability to provide nurturance and give love.											breastplate	Unknown	To see or wear a breastplate in your dream suggests that you are trying to protect yourself from love and heartbreak.											breast	Body_Part	To see breasts in your dream symbolize primal nourishment and your need to be nursed and care for.											breath	Substance	"To dream that you are trying to catch your breath or that you are out of breath indicates that you are experiencing some anxiety, tension, or fear concerning a new situation in your waking life."	To dream that you have bad breath suggests that you are feeling enclosed or crowded in.	To dream that you are holding your breath indicates your stubborn state of mind.									breathe	Unknown	To dream that you cannot breathe indicates that you are feeling exhausted.											breathalyzer_test	Unknown	To dream that you are being administered a breathalyzer test indicates that your misdeeds or bad behavior will catch up with you.											breeze	Activity	To feel a breeze in your dream represents the movement of ideas and minor changes.											brew	Food	"To brew something in your dream suggests that patience, hard work, and tenacity will pay off in the long run."											brick	Person	To see a brick in your dream represents your individual ideas and thoughts.	To dream that you are building a brick wall signifies a wall that you are putting up to protect yourself against hurt.										bride	Person	To see a bride in your dream symbolizes a union or partnership.	To dream that the bride is shot at her wedding suggests that a feminine aspect of yourself has come to an abrupt end.										bridesmaid	Person	To dream that you are a bridesmaid signifies a looming romance.											bridge	Activity	To dream that you are crossing a bridge signifies an important decision or a critical junction in your life.	To dream of a run-down bridge indicates that you should not contemplate any major changes in your life at this time.	To see a bridge collapse in your dream implies that you have let an important opportunity pass you by.									bridle	Activity	To see a bridle on a horse suggests that you are being manipulated in some waking situation.											briefcase	Unknown	To see or carry a briefcase in your dream represents your level or preparedness in some situation or circumstance.											bright	Unknown	"To dream that something is bright represents divinity, a higher consciousness, and spirituality."											brimstone	Substance	To see brimstone in your dream implies that you are being punished.											broadcast	Event	To dream that you are in a broadcast indicates your desire to have your voice heard and get your message out there.											broccoli	Substance	To see or eat broccoli in your dream suggests that you are in need of spiritual nourishment.											brochure	Unknown	"To see or read a brochure in your dream represents your open mindedness and your willingness to hear dissenting views, especially from those who disagree with you."											bronchitis	Illness	To dream that you have bronchitis represents the obstacles that you need to overcome.											bronze	Substance	To see bronze in your dream suggests that you need to provide more care and protection to something.											brooch	Unknown	To see or wear a brooch in your dream represents an aspect of yourself that you are trying to express.											broom	Tool	To see a broom in your dream denotes that it is time to clean up your act and resolve your past issues.											brothel	Building	To dream that you are in a brothel indicates dissatisfaction and deprivation in your emotional or sexual relationship.											brother	Person	To see your brother in your dream symbolizes some aspect of your relationship with him.											brother-in-law	Person	To see your brother-in-law in your dream represents characteristics in him that you find within your own self.	To see your brother-in-law with his arm in a sling in your dream implies that he is being unhelpful or unproductive.										brownie	Substance	To see or eat brownies in your dream symbolizes self indulgence.	To dream that you are baking brownies represents your sweetness and consideration of other people.										bruise	Illness	To dream that you have a bruise represents stress and mounting pressure that you are dealing with in your waking life.											brunette	Person	To see or dream that you are a brunette indicates that you need to be more down to earth.											brush	Action	"To see a brush in your dream symbolizes your desire to ""brush"" away problems or something in your life that needs to be cleaned up."											bubble	Unknown	"To see bubbles in your dream represent merriment, fun, and childhood joys."											bubble_bath	Activity	To dream that you or someone is taking a bubble bath represents ultimate relaxation.											bubble_wrap	Unknown	To see or use bubble wrap in your dream indicates that there is a problem that you need to be cautious in the way you handle it.	To dream that you are popping the bubble in the bubble wrap represents your satisfaction with the way your life is going.										bubblegum	Unknown	To chew bubblegum in your dream represents your overly carefree attitude.											buck	Animal	"To see a male deer or buck in your dream represents alertness, virility, masculine sexuality and assertiveness."											bucket	Unknown	To see or carry a bucket in your dream indicates an improvement in your current situation.											buckle	Tool	To dream that you are fastening a buckle represents your acceptance of certain responsibilities.											bud	Unknown	To see a flower bud in your dream symbolizes great potential and the beginning of new experiences or relationships.											buddha	Person	"To see Buddha in your dream symbolizes wisdom, insight, compassion, and inner spirituality."											buffalo	Animal	"To see a buffalo in your dream symbolizes survival, strength, and power."	To see an injured or killed buffalo forewarns that you need to carefully think through any new ventures and projects that you are undertaking.	To see a herd of buffalo in your dream signifies tranquility and plentitude.									buffet	Food	To eat too much food at a buffet in your dream indicates that some relationship is consuming your energies.											bug	Invertebrate	To see a bug in your dream suggests that you are worried about something.											bugle	Musical_Instrument	To see or hear a bugle in your dream represents some sort of warning.											bugs_bunny	Unknown	To see Bugs Bunny in your dream represents your fast thinking and quick wittedness.											building	Activity	To see a building in your dream represents the self and the body.	To see a building in ruins or damaged indicates that your approach toward a situation or relationship is all wrong.	To dream that a building collapses indicates that you are losing sight of your ambitions and goals.	To dream that you or someone fall off a building suggests that you are descending into the realm of subconscious.	To dream that you are scaling or climbing a building indicates that you are getting carried away by your ambitions.							bulb	Tool	"To see a plant bulb in your dream represents your spiritual, physical, and intellectual potential."											bulimia	Illness	"To dream that you have bulimia represents your lack of self-acceptance, self-esteem and your quest for perfection."											bull	Event	"To see a bull in your dream symbolizes stubbornness, strong will, strength, and power."											bull's_eye	Action	To see a bull's eye in your dream represents your search for perfection.											bulldog	Animal	To see a bulldog in your dream signifies that some protective force is helping you move forward in life.											bulldozer	Conveyance	To see a bulldozer in your dream suggests that you are feeling pushed away from what you want.											bulletin_board	Machine	To see a bulletin board in your dream points to a message that you need to pay attention to from your subconscious.											bullet	Action	To see a bullet or bullets in your dream indicate anger and aggression directed at you or someone else.											bulletproof_vest	Unknown	To wear a bulletproof vest in your dream suggests that you are a overprotecting yourself from emotional hurt.											bullfight	Unknown	To dream that you are watching a bullfight symbolizes the struggle between your animalistic desire and your spiritual side.											bully	Person	To dream that you are a bully indicates your tendency to dominate a conversation relationship or situation.	To see a bully or be bullied in your dream signifies repressed rage.										bum	Body_Part	To dream that you are a bum indicates that you are feeling like failure or an outcast.	To see a bum in your dream signifies laziness.										bumblebee	Invertebrate	To see a bumblebee in your dream is symbolic of distress and coming problems.											bumper	Tool	"To dream that your bumper has been damaged symbolizes the small ""bumps"" that you will encounter in life."											bumper_car	Conveyance	To dream that you are riding in a bumper car represents your resilience.											bumper_sticker	Unknown	To see a bumper sticker in your dream represents a message that you are trying to convey to the world.											bungee_jumping	Unknown	To dream that you are bungee jumping represents your ability to bounce back from adversities and setbacks in your life.											bunk_bed	Unknown	To see bunk beds in your dream represent childhood and innocence.											buoy	Unknown	To see a buoy in your dream represents your ability to hold your head up even amidst your emotional distress.											bureaucracy	Unknown	To dream that you are dealing with bureaucracy signifies a lack of emotions and personal contact in some aspect of your life.											burglar	Person	To see or dream that you are a burglar indicates that your energy is being sucked away from you.											burj_khalifia	Unknown	To see the Burj Khalifia in your dream symbolizes the ultimate success.											burial	Activity	To see a burial in your dream indicates that you have gotten rid of your bad habits and have freed yourself from a negative situation.											burlap	Unknown	To see or wear burlap in your dream refers to your tough persona.											burning	Action	To see something burning in your dream indicates that you are experiencing some intense emotions and/or passionate sexual feelings.											burp	Action	To dream that you burp indicates that your subconscious is informing you that you are going through some changes.	To hear a burp in your dream signifies a breakthrough in your personal struggles.										burqa	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a burqa suggests that are feeling sexually repressed.	To see someone wearing a burqa indicates that something is being kept away from you.										burr	Tool	To see or dream that a burr is clinging to you symbolize a minor irritation or annoyance that you are choosing to overlook.											burrito	Food	To see or eat a burrito in your dream symbolizes your efficiency in some matter.											bury	Unknown	To dream that you bury something suggests that you are hiding your true feelings.											bus	Conveyance	To dream that you are waiting for a bus indicates a temporary setback in achieving your personal goals.	To dream that you are riding a bus implies that you are going along with the crowd.										bus_driver	Unknown	To see a bus driver in your dream indicates leadership in some group idea or plan.	To dream that you are a bus driver suggests that you are moving forward quickly.										bus_station	Unknown	To dream that you are at the bus station suggests that you have reached some new level or stage in your emotional or physical life.	To dream that you failed to get to the bus station indicates that you are feeling helpless and trapped by some situation.										bus_stop	Place	To dream that you are at a bus stop indicates that there is a decision that you need to make.											bush	Place	To see a bush in your dream symbolizes feminine emotions and desires.	To dream that you are hiding behind a bush suggests that you are keeping something a secret and are not being completely open.	To see a flowering bush represent development and personal growth.									business	Activity	To dream about a business deal signifies issues and problems that you are dealing with in your waking life.											business_card	Unknown	To dream that you are handing out your business card indicates that you need to make more connections and expand your network.											business_trip	Unknown	To dream that you are on a business trip suggests that you having a difficult time trying to relax.											businessperson	Person	To see or dream that you are a businessperson represents the rational and organized aspect of yourself.											bustier	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a bra signifies support and protection.	To dream that you are not wearing a bra indicates that you have no discipline or control.										butcher	Person	To see a butcher in your dream represents your raw emotions or immoral behaviors.	To dream that you are a butcher signifies pent up anger and hostility.										butler	Person	To see a butler in your dream suggests that you are depending too much on others for their help.	To dream that you are a butler represents your feelings of subservience.										butter	Food	To see or taste butter in your dream suggests that you are looking to be gratified in some area of your life.	To dream that you are churning butter represents hard work and difficult task.	To dream that you are melting butter or that the butter has melted implies that you need to be soften your attitude and demeanor toward others.									butter_knife	Tool	To see or use a butter knife in your dream signifies easiness and simplicity.	To dream that you are using a butter knife to cut or slice something indicates that you are ineffectual in getting a task done.										butterfly	Action	"To see a butterfly in your dream signifies longevity, creativity, romance, joy and spirituality."	To catch or kill a butterfly suggests that you are being too superficial.	To dream that you are mounting a butterfly on frame symbolizes sexual oppression.									buttock	Body_Part	To see your buttocks in your dream represent your instincts and urges.	To dream that your buttocks are misshaped suggest undeveloped or wounded aspects of your psyche.										buying	Action	"To dream that you or someone is buying something represents your acceptance of an idea, condition, or situation."											buzzer	Tool	To hear a buzzer in your dream indicates that you are experiencing a conflict in a relationship or situation.											buzzard	Bird	To see a buzzard in your dream symbolizes death and decay.											cab	Conveyance	To dream that you are hailing a cab suggests that you need to ask for help in order to be able to move forward in some waking situation.	To dream that you are in a cab indicates that you are being taken for a ride.										cabana	Structure	To see or dream that you are in a cabana signifies your need for an escape or vacation.											cabaret	Activity	To watch a cabaret in your dream indicates your need to acknowledge your sensual side.											cabbage	Substance	To see or eat cabbage in your dream suggests that you should not waste time with petty things in your life.											cabin	Structure	To see or dream that you are in a wood cabin indicates that you will succeed via your own means.	To dream that you are in a ship cabin indicates that are seeking some refuge from your emotions.										cabinet	Structure	To see a cabinet in your dream symbolizes the female body and/or the womb.											cable	Tool	To see a cable in your dream represents your stamina and durability.	To dream of cable television signifies your openness and how you communicate with others.										cable_car	Structure	To see or ride in a cable car in your dream signifies the compromises that you make in life.											caboose	Conveyance	To see or be in a caboose implies that you are last in line for something.											cactus	Plant	"To see a cactus in your dream suggests that you are feeling invaded, that your space is being crowded into and that you are being suffocated."											cadillac	Unknown	To see a Cadillac in your dream suggests that you are driven to succeed.											caduceus	Unknown	To see a caduceus in your dream symbolizes health concerns.											caesarian_section	Action	To dream that you are having a caesarian section implies that you need help in order to get your idea or project off the ground.											cafe	Building	To dream that you are at a cafe represents your social life.											cafeteria	Building	"To dream that you are in a cafeteria denotes that there may be a lot of issues ""eating"" you up inside."											cage	Person	To dream that you are in a cage indicates that you are experiencing inhibitions and powerlessness in some areas of your life.	To dream that you are putting a wild animal into a cage signifies that you will succeed in overcoming your rivals and fears.	To see a bird in a cage suggests that you are feeling limited in your expression and a sudden lost of freedom.									cage_fighting	Unknown	To dream that you are cage fighting indicates that you are feeling restricted or confined in a current relationship.											cake	Substance	To see a cake in your dream indicates that you need to learn to share and allocate your workload instead of trying to do everything yourself.	To see a partially eaten cake in your dream signifies missed and lost opportunities.	To dream that you are buying a cake suggests that you have accepted the rewards and recognition you are getting for our work.									calamari	Substance	To dream that you are eating calamari indicates that you are feeling battered or beaten.											calculator	Machine	To see a calculator in your dream suggests that you need to thoroughly think through some problem and carefully evaluate your choices.											calendar	Unknown	To see a calendar in your dream represents the passing of time and past events.											calf	Animal	To see a calf in your dream symbolizes immaturity and inexperience.											calla_lily	Plant	"To see calla lilies in your dream symbolize new beginnings, rebirth and longevity."											calluses	Unknown	To dream that you have calluses symbolize hard work.											calm	Unknown	To dream that you are calm denotes a fulfilling life.	"To dream that someone is trying to calm you down suggests that you will experience many setbacks, especially if you continue to let your emotions run out of control."										calomel	Substance	To see calomel in your dream indicates a rivalry.	To dream that you are drinking calomel tea signifies that you are being manipulated and taken advantage of.										calf	Animal	To see your calves in your dream symbolize movement and your ability to jump from situation to situation.											camel	Animal	"To see a camel in your dream denotes that you need to be more conservative; you are carrying too many responsibilities, burdens and problems on your shoulders."	"To dream that you are petting a camel indicates that you are ready to let go of some of the burdens, responsibilities or emotional baggage that you are carrying around."										cameo	Unknown	To see or wear a cameo in your dream represents an aspect of yourself that you are trying to express.											camera	Unknown	To see a camera in your dream signifies your desires to cling on and/or live in the past.	To dream that the camera is broken indicates that you are ignoring an issue or refusing to see the big picture.	To dream that you cannot find your camera to take a picture implies that you are not focusing on the matter at hand.	To see or dream that you are on a hidden camera indicates that you feel that you are being scrutinized.								camouflage	Activity	To dream that you are in camouflage suggests that you are hiding your true self and feelings.											camper	Conveyance	To dream that you are living in a camper indicates that you need to move on with some situation or some aspect of your life.											campfire	Event	To start or see a campfire in your dream represents sharing and companionship.											camping	Event	To dream that you are camping indicates a need for relaxation and a long-deserved break.											campus	Place	To dream that you are on a campus indicates your need to expand your thinking/knowledge and challenge yourself mentally.											can	Structure	To see a can in your dream indicates that there is something in your past that you need to hold on to and preserve.											can_opener	Tool	To see a can opener in your dream indicates your willingness to accept new ideas and new concepts.											canada	Place	To dream that you are in Canada depends on your own personal associations with the country.											canal	Place	To see a canal in your dream symbolizes restraint and constricted emotions.											canary	Bird	To see a canary in your dream represents happiness and harmony.											cancer	Place	"To dream that you have cancer denotes hopelessness, grief, self-pity, and unforgiveness."	To dream that you are being treated for cancer signifies a positive change in your life.	To dream that someone has cancer indicates that you need to change your negative way of thinking before it eats away at you.	To dream that someone is a Cancer sign symbolizes your tendency to keep and hold on to everything.								candle	Tool	To see a burning candle in your dream signifies that good luck and hope will be coming your way in small and steady amounts.	To see an unlit candle denotes feelings of rejection or disappointments.	To see a candle blow out in your dream indicates that you are surrendering a significant aspect of yourself.	To watch the candle burn down to nothing in your dream signifies your fears of aging and dying.	To see a red colored candle in your dream symbolizes some intimate or romantic relationship.							candle_wax	Unknown	To see candle wax in your dream indicates that there is too much activity going on in your life.											candy	Food	To see or eat candy in your dream symbolizes the joys and the special treats in life.											candy_apple	Food	To see or eat a candy apple in your dream is a reminder that you can have too much of a good thing.											cane	Tool	To see or use a cane in your dream suggests that you are in need of some support and advice.											cannabis	Substance	To dream of cannabis denotes a loss of control.											canned_food	Food	To see or eat canned food in your dream implies that you are keeping your emotions bottled up inside.											cannibalism	Activity	To see cannibalism in your dream symbolizes a destructive and forbidden desire or obsession.	"To dream that you are a victim of cannibalism represents feelings of being ""eating alive"" by work, a relationship or a situation in your waking life."										cannon	Action	To see a cannon in your dream suggests that there is something drastic that needs to be done immediately.											cannonball	Weapon	To see a cannonball in your dream indicates that you are harboring some anger or aggression and it is weighing your down.											canoe	Conveyance	"To see a canoe in your dream represents serenity simplicity, and independence."											canopy	Unknown	To see a canopy in your dream symbolizes protection.											cantaloupe	Food	"To see or eat cantaloupe in your dream implies that you put forth a tough image, but are sensitive on the inside."											canteen	Building	To see or use a canteen in your dream suggests that you are looking to easily and conveniently satisfy your emotional needs.											canvas	Structure	"To see a canvas in your dream symbolizes potential and possibilities, especially if the canvas is blank."											canyon	Unknown	To see a canyon in your dream represents your subconscious mind and hidden feelings.											cap	Place	To see a cap in your dream signifies informality and ease.											cap_and_gown	Unknown	To wear a cap and gown in your dream indicates that you are transitioning into a higher level in your life.											cape	Place	To see or dream that you are wearing a cape indicates that you are trying to shield yourself from being emotionally hurt.											capricorn	Place	To dream that someone is a Capricorn signifies fears of inadequacy.											captain	Person	To dream that you are a captain indicates that you are taking charge of your emotions and confronting the issues that are bothering you.	To see a captain in your dream represents your powerful influence over others.										captive	Animal	To dream that you are held captive suggests that you are feeling trapped in some aspect or circumstances of your waking life.											car	Structure	"To dream that you are driving a car denotes your ambition, your drive and your ability to navigate from one stage of your life to another."	To dream that you drive your car into a body of water or that it rolls into water implies that you are in for an emotional journey.										car_alarm	Unknown	To hear or set off a car alarm in your dream implies that you are headed on the wrong path.											car_battery	Tool	To see your car battery in your dream symbolizes your stamina.	To dream that your car battery is dead suggests that you are overwhelmed and overworked.										car_carrier	Conveyance	To see a car carrier in your dream indicates that you are lacking direction and have no goal of your own.											car_dealership	Unknown	To see or dream that you are in a car dealership refers to some decision that you need to make about where you want to go in life.											car_seat	Tool	To see an infant car seat in your dream implies that you are in control of someone else's direction or destiny in life.											car_show	Unknown	To dream that you are at a car show suggests that you are drawn to a flashy lifestyle which may not necessarily be who you really are.	To dream that you are showing off your car at a car show implies that you are proud of your accomplishments and achievements.										caramel	Food	"To eat or lick caramel in your dream indicates a sweet and satisfying situation will eventually turn into ""sticky"" problem."											caravan	Conveyance	To dream that you are part of a caravan means that you will achieve your goals with the support of others.											carburetor	Tool	"To see the carburetor in your dream represents emotional, spiritual and physical balance."											carcass	Unknown	To see a carcass in your dream indicates that you are feeling emotionally torn.											cardboard	Substance	To see a cardboard box in your dream indicates a lack of protection against risk.											cardinal	Bird	To see a cardinal in your dream represents vitality and happiness.											card	Substance	To dream that you are playing a game of cards represents your ability to strategize in various areas of your life.	To dream that you are shuffling cards signifies indecision.										carnation	Plant	"To see carnations in your dream symbolize light-heartedness, vitality and joy."											carnelian	Substance	"To see a carnelian in your dream represents passion, lust, sexuality, or matters of the heart."											carnival	Activity	To dream that you are at the carnival represents falsehoods and deception.	To dream that you are on a carnival ride suggests that you are going in circles.	To dream that you run away with the carnival denotes that you will be involved in or closely connected to the entertainment field.									caroling	Activity	"To dream that you are caroling signifies joy, harmony and tranquility."											carp	Fish	To see a carp in your dream indicates that you need to put aside your pride and ego and not let it get in the way of friendships and relationships.											carpenter	Person	To see or dream that you are a carpenter indicates that you are confronting and overcoming your obstacles.											carpet	Unknown	To see a carpet in your dream represents your way of protecting yourself from life's harsh realities.	To dream that you are installing or laying down carpet suggests that you are trying to make your life more comfortable.	"To dream of a magic carpet implies your desires and wishes to escape from a situation, relationship, or responsibilities."									carriage	Conveyance	To see an old-fashioned carriage in your dream suggests that your ways of thinking may be too outdated and antiquated.											carrom_board	Unknown	To see or play with a Carrom Board in your dream implies that you need to focus on your goals.											carrot	Activity	To see a carrot in your dream signifies abundance and fertility.	To eat a carrot in your dream indicates clarity.										cartoon	Event	To dream that your real life is depicted in a cartoon world suggests that you are perceiving the world in a comical and unserious manner.											cartwheels	Unknown	To dream that you are doing cartwheels represent poise and balance in your life or the need to regain balance.	To dream that you have difficulties doing cartwheels suggest that you do not have confidence in your own abilities.										carving	Activity	To dream that you are carving a piece of wood symbolizes spiritual and creative energy.	To dream that you are carving some meat indicates that you are trying to rid yourself of certain feelings.										carwash	Unknown	To dream that you are at a carwash indicates that you need to clean up your self-image.											cash_register	Unknown	To see a cash register in your dream represents financial worries and concerns.											cashier	Person	To see or dream that you are a cashier indicates that you are re-evaluating your life and what you have accomplished.											cashmere	Place	To feel or wear cashmere in your dream symbolizes luxury.											casino	Activity	To dream that you are in a casino signifies the risk-taker within you.											casket	Unknown	To see a casket in your dream symbolizes the womb.	To see a body in a casket in your dream signifies that you are going through a period of depression.										casserole	Food	To dream you are making a casserole symbolizes new ideas or a new phase in your life.											cassette_tape	Tool	To see a cassette tape in your dream suggests that there is worth and truth in what you are saying.											cassowary	Bird	To see a cassowary in your dream refers to your shy nature.											cast	Action	To dream that you are wearing a cast suggests that your motion is being inhibited in some way.											castanets	Musical_Instrument	"To see, hear or play with castanets in your dream represents little annoyances and irritations in your waking life."											castle	Activity	"To see a castle in your dream signifies reward, honor, recognition, and praise for your achievements."	To dream that you live in a castle represents your extreme need for security and protection to the point where you may be isolating yourself from others.	"To see a castle door in your dream indicates that you have missed a huge and/or profitable opportunity, especially if you are standing outside the castle door."									castration	Action	To dream of a castration signifies your overwhelming fears that you have lost your virility.											cat	Activity	"To see a cat in your dream symbolizes an independent spirit, feminine sexuality, creativity, and power."	To dream that you cannot find your cat highlights your independent spirit.	To dream that a cat is biting you symbolizes the devouring female.	To dream that a cat is scratching you suggests that you are feeling threatened.	To see a black cat in your dream indicates that you are experiencing some fear in using your psychic abilities and believing in your intuition.	To dream that a cat killed a spider suggests that you are expressing your femininity in a seductive and cunning manner rather than in an overtly and almost destructive way.	To see a dead cat or hear a cat being killed implies that you are lacking autonomy and independence in some area of your life.	To see a cat with green spikes suggests that jealousy is preventing you from forming meaningful relationships.	To see or drive a car that looks like a cat refers to your free and independent spirit.			cat_eye	Unknown	To see or dream that you have cat eyes indicate that you are able to find your way through some dark and troubling problem.											catacomb	Place	To dream of a catacomb suggests that you need to confront your fears of the subconscious.											catapult	Tool	To see a catapult in your dream indicates that you will overcome your obstacles through ingenuity and determination.											cataract	Illness	To dream that you have cataract or are having cataract remove indicates that you are looking for clarity in some situation.											catastrophe	Event	To experience a catastrophe in your dream represents sudden instability and upheaval in your walking life.											catch	Action	To catch something in your dream suggests that you need to incorporate something into your life.	To dream that you are playing catch signifies your carefree attitude.										catcher	Activity	To see or dream that you are a baseball catcher implies that you need to be ready to accept whatever life throws at you.											caterpillar	Animal	"To see a caterpillar in your dream signifies a stage in your own personal growth and development where you are on your way, but have not yet reached your goal."											catfish	Fish	To see a catfish in your dream symbolizes someone who may not appear to be who they are.											catsup	Food	"To see or eat catsup in your dream represents simplicity, youth, and happiness."											cattle	Animal	To see cattle in your dream indicates that you need to proceed with caution in some situation or relationship.	To see a herd of cattle in your dream represents a lack of individuality.	To see a stampede of cattle in your dream suggests that something in your life is out of control.									catwalk	Place	To see or dream that you are walking a catwalk represents your new found confidence.											caught	Unknown	To dream that you are caught doing something represents your fears and vulnerabilities.											caul	Body_Part	To see a caul in your dream indicates that you are not seeing something clearly.											cauldron	Tool	To see a cauldron in your dream implies that you are undergoing some transformation.											cauliflower	Substance	"To see or eat cauliflower in your dream symbolizes spiritual nourishment, purity and perfection."											cave	Unknown	"To see or dream that you are in a cave symbolizes the womb and thus signify refuge, protection and concealment."	To dream that you are walking in a dark cave represents an exploration of your subconscious mind.										caveman	Person	To see or dream that you are a barbarian represents the savage and instinctual aspect of your character.											caviar	Substance	To see or eat caviar in your dream points to your expensive tastes.											cd	Tool	To see a compact disc in your dream represents a need for enjoyment or a distraction.											cedar	Plant	"To see a cedar in your dream symbolizes longevity, durability, strength, endurance and immortality."											ceiling	Unknown	To see a ceiling in your dream represents a mental or spiritual perspective.											celebration	Activity	To dream of a celebration represents your achievement toward a higher level of growth.											celebrity	Person	To see a celebrity in your dream represents your beliefs and understanding about her or him.											celery	Substance	"To see or eat celery represents your need to be cleansed, either physically or emotionally."											cell_phone	Unknown	To see or use a cell phone in your dream indicates that you are being receptive to new information.	To dream that you lost your cell phone represents a lack of communication.	To dream that your cell phone is snapping open and close implies that you are ready to talk about something that you have been keeping inside.	To dream that your cell phone screen is cracked implies that you are not expressing yourself in a healthy or effective manner.								cell_phone_tower	Unknown	To see a cell phone tower in your dream symbolizes communication and your connections to others.	To dream that a cell phone tower is being built on top of your house implies that there is a lack of communication within your family which can no longer be ignored.										cellar	Structure	To dream that you are in a cellar represents a part of your subconscious mind where you have kept your fears and problems hidden.	To dream that you are going down the cellar signifies that you are digging deep into your own past and facing your fears.										cello	Musical_Instrument	To see or hear a cello in your dream represents sensual or creative achievements.											celtic_knot	Unknown	"To see a Celtic Knot in your dream symbolizes continuity, longevity, good health and/or immortality."											cement_truck	Unknown	"To see a cement truck in your dream represents firm and ""concrete"" ideas or plans that are being set into motion."											cemetery	Place	To dream that you are in a cemetery indicates an end to a habit or behavior.	To dream that you are cleaning the cemetery suggests that you are coming clean about your past.										centaur	Unknown	To see a centaur in your dream symbolizes the duality of human nature.											center	Activity	To dream that you are at the center of something represents your belief that everything revolves around you.											ceramic	Unknown	To see or make ceramics in your dream suggest that you need to be more hands on in some situation or relationship.											cereal	Substance	To dream that you are eating cereal denotes the start of a new project or new stage in your life.											ceremony	Activity	To dream that you are attending a ceremony suggests that sacrifice and devotion is necessary for success.											certificate	Unknown	To see a certificate in your dream suggests that you are seeking some validity and truth to some situation.											cesspool	Unknown	To see a cesspool in your dream suggests that you need to undergo some emotional cleansing.											chain	Tool	"To see chains in your dream signify your need to break free from a routine, old idea, or a relationship."											chainsaw	Machine	To see a chainsaw in your dream indicates that something drastic is about to happen.											chair	Place	To see a chair in your dream symbolizes your need to sit down and take time out to contemplate a situation before proceeding.	To dream that someone is offering you a chair suggests that you need to be open to taking and accepting advice.										chakra	Unknown	To dream about your chakra indicates that there is a blockage to the flow of your spiritual energy.											chalice	Unknown	To see a chalice in your dream represents your need for spiritual nourishment.											chalk	Tool	To see a piece of chalk in your dream refers to school and learning.	To see something written in chalk signifies something that can easily escape your grasp.										chalkboard	Unknown	To see a chalkboard in your dream represents the classroom and the difficulties you may have experienced in school.	To dream that you are writing on the chalkboard indicates you will need to get your hands dirty in some situation.										chameleon	Animal	To see a chameleon in your dream represents your ability to adapt to any situation.											champagne	Food	To see the opening of a bottle of champagne symbolizes a sexual act.											chamomile	Plant	To see or smell chamomile in your dream represents patience.											chandelier	Unknown	To see a chandelier in your dream represents grandeur and greatness.											change	Action	To dream that you receive the wrong amount of change depends on whether you were shortchanged or not.											chanting	Activity	To dream that you are chanting symbolizes your camaraderie and oneness with others toward a common cause.	To hear chanting in your dream signifies chaos and disagreements.										chaps	Unknown	To see or wear chaps in your dream symbolizes a passive aggressiveness.											character	Activity	To dream that you are playing a character indicates that you are avoiding some responsibility or refusing to acknowledge your role in it.											charades	Activity	To dream that you are playing charades indicates that there is something that you are not able to put into words or articulate.											charcoal	Tool	To dream that you are eating charcoal symbolizes your burning passion and libido.											charity	Event	To dream that you are giving or receiving charity is analogous to your ability to give and receive love.											charleston	Activity	To dream that you are dancing the Charleston signifies important and substantial success ahead for you.											charlie_chaplin	Individual	To see or dream that you are Charlie Chaplin suggests that you are searching and looking for some direction in your life.											charm_bracelet	Unknown	To see or wear a charm bracelet in your dream is symbolic of protection from any harm.											chart	Unknown	To see or read a chart in your dream symbolizes your goals and your approach to life.											chasm	Place	To dream of an abyss signifies an obstacle that is creating much anxiety for you.	To dream that you are falling into an abyss symbolizes the depths of your subconscious.										chastity_belt	Unknown	To see or wear a chastity belt in your dream signifies your attitudes and feelings toward sex.											chat_room	Machine	To dream that you are in a chat room represents your need to connect with others on a mental level.											chauffeur	Unknown	To dream that you are a chauffeur indicates that you are helping someone with their goals.											cheap	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is cheap represents your own feelings of inadequacy.	To dream that you got something at a cheap price suggests that you are being undervalued.										cheating	Activity	"To dream that you are cheating on your spouse mate, fiance, or significant other suggests feelings of self-guilt and self-betrayal."	"To dream that your mate, spouse, or significant other is cheating on you indicates your fears of being abandoned."	To dream that you are cheating at a game suggests that you are not being honest with yourself.									check	Activity	To see a check in your dream suggests that you may feel indebted to others.	To see a blank check in your dream symbolizes your unused potential.	To see a check mark in your dream indicates approval and acceptance.									checkerboard	Unknown	To see a checkerboard in your dream indicates the many aspects and facets of your personality.											checker	Person	To see or play checkers in your dream suggests that you need to have a clear strategy in order to overtake your opponents.											checkout	Activity	To dream that you are at a checkout symbolizes completion.											cheek	Body_Part	"To see your cheeks in your dream symbolize commitment, intimacy, and closeness."	"To see rosy-colored cheeks in your dream signifies life energy, enthusiasm and vitality."	To dream that your cheeks are painted represents your attitudes of courage and violence/passivity.									cheer	Unknown	To hear or start a cheer in your dream indicates that you are headed in the right direction or making the right decisions in your life.											cheerios	Unknown	To see or eat Cheerios in your dream indicates that there is something missing from your life.											cheerleader	Person	To see a cheerleader in your dream represents competition and triumph.	To dream that you are a cheerleader signifies your self-confidence and self-esteem.										cheese	Food	To see cheese in your dream symbolizes gains and profits.											cheesecake	Substance	To see or eat cheesecake in your dream indicates that things are going great for you.											cheetah	Animal	To see a cheetah in your dream suggests that you need to get moving and be more active in pursuit of your goals.											chef	Person	"To dream that you are a chef indicates that you have the ability, knowledge, and talent to chose your path in life."	To see a chef in your dream represents transformation and changes.										chemical	Substance	To see or use chemicals in your dream suggest that you are undergoing some transformation and individuation process.	"To dream that you are mixing or combining chemicals represent creativity, manipulation and/or intellectual power."										chemist	Person	To see a chemist at work in your dream indicates your ability to change and alter your Self.											cherry	Food	"To see a cherry tree in your dream represents luck, spring, femininity, and youth."											cherry_blossom_tree	Unknown	"To see a cherry blossom tree in your dream symbolizes feminine power, beauty and love."											cherub	Person	"To see a cherub in your dream represents child-like innocence, frailty and mischievousness."											chess	Activity	To see or play chess in your dream indicates that you need to carefully think through the situation before making a decision.	To dream that your king chess piece is in danger suggests that you are being stifled by some female character in your life.	"To dream of chess pieces coming alive means that you are completely engrossed or submerged in some situation, relationship or task."									chest	Body_Part	"To see your chest in your dream signifies confidence, conquest and vitality."	To dream that you are beating on your chest indicates triumph and a great accomplishment.										chestnut_tree	Plant	To see a chestnut tree in your dream represents strength and good health.											chevron	Unknown	To see a chevron in your dream symbolizes protection.											chicago	Activity	To dream that you are in Chicago represents mainstream thinking.											chick	Bird	To see a baby chick in your dream symbolizes youthful curiosity and innocence.											chickadee	Bird	To see a chickadee in your dream indicates that you need to pay attention and become aware of something unique and special occurring in your life.											chicken_suit	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a chicken suit implies that your subconscious is calling you a chicken.											chicken	Bird	To see chickens in your dream symbolize cowardliness and a lack of willpower.											chiffon	Unknown	To see or wear chiffon in your dream represents your feminine and delicate side.											chihuahua	Animal	To see a Chihuahua in your dream represents someone around you who is unexpectedly vocal.											child	Person	To dream that you are a small child again suggests that you are feeling the burdens of adulthood.	To dream that you lose a child represents losing hope.	To save a child in your dream signifies your attempts to save a part of yourself from being destroyed.	To see a child fall down in your dream denotes lost innocence.								childhood	Unknown	To dream of your childhood indicates your wish to return to a life where you had little responsibility and worries.											child	Person	To see children in your dream signify an aspect of yourself and your childlike qualities.	To forget about your child or children suggests that you are feeling overwhelmed by your waking responsibilities.	To dream that you are watching children but they do not know you are there is a metaphor for some hidden knowledge or some latent talent which you have failed to recognize.	To see children being abused in your dream implies that you are lacking a voice for your own inner child.								chili	Substance	To see or eat chili in your dream symbolizes intense passion and raw emotion.											chill	Illness	To get the chills in your dream signify fear.											chimera	Unknown	To see a chimera in your dream represents a feeling of confusion.											chime	Musical_Instrument	To hear chimes in your dream symbolize tranquility.											chimney	Place	"To see a chimney in your dream represents warmth, tradition, and family values."	To dream that you are sweeping the chimney indicates your need to vent off your frustrations and get things out in the open.										chimpanzee	Animal	To see a chimpanzee in your dream suggests that what you thought was true is actually not.											chin	Body_Part	To notice your chin in your dream refers to your resilience and your ability to bounce back from adversity.											chinchilla	Animal	To see a chinchilla in your dream indicates that you are feeling emotionally content or satisfied.											chipmunk	Animal	To see a chipmunk in your dream suggests that you are holding on to the past and need to learn to let go.											chiropractor	Person	To see a chiropractor in your dream suggests that you are seeking support and advice.											chisel	Tool	To see or use a chisel in your dream indicates that you need to forcibly break through the surface or barrier in order to get to the core of the situation or problem.											chives	Food	To see or eat chives in your dream suggest that you get along well with others.											chlamydia	Illness	To dream that you have chlamydia points to your negative attitude about sex.											chocolate	Substance	"To see chocolate in your dream signifies love, celebration and self-reward."	To eat chocolate in your dream indicates that you are embracing your own sensuality.										chocolate_milk	Food	To see or drink chocolate milk in your dream means that you are feeling good about life.											choir	Structure	To dream that you are singing in a choir symbolizes spiritual harmony and balance.											choker	Person	To see or wear a choker in your dream indicates that you are having difficulties in expressing yourself.											chopping	Unknown	"To dream that you are chopping something indicates that you are trying to cut your problems into smaller, more manageable sizes."											chopstick	Unknown	To see or use chopsticks in your dream indicates that you are trying to manipulate some situation.											choreographer	Person	To dream that you are a choreographer represents freedom of expression.											christ	Person	To see Christ in your dream represents perfection of the self and spiritual truth.											christening	Activity	To dream of a christening symbolizes a renewal and fresh beginning.											christmas	Unknown	"To dream of Christmas symbolizes family togetherness, reunions, celebration, peace, goodwill, generosity, and human kindness."											christmas_card	Unknown	To see or send a Christmas Card in your dream indicates that you are reaching out to loved ones and reconnecting with old ties.											christmas_tree	Plant	"To see a Christmas Tree in your dream symbolizes family celebrations, gatherings, and familial relationships."											chrome	Substance	To see chrome in your dream suggests that you will experience a surge in energy and vitality.											chrysanthemums	Unknown	"To see chrysanthemums in your dream represent abundance, prosperity, humility, longevity, and gratitude."											church	Activity	To see the outside of the church in your dream signifies sacredness and spiritual nourishment.	To dream that you are inside a church suggests that you are seeking for spiritual enlightenment and guidance.										churning	Unknown	To dream that you are churning something indicates disorder and chaos.											churro	Unknown	To see or eat a churro in your dream refers to life's sweet rewards.											cigar	Substance	To see or dream that you are smoking a cigar represents a relaxed state of mind.											cilantro	Food	To see or eat cilantro in your dream represents immortality.											cinderella	Person	To see or watch Cinderella in your dream indicates that a seemingly bad situation will work out for the best in the end.	To dream that you are Cinderella suggests that you are feeling overburdened.										cinnamon	Food	To see or smell cinnamon in your dream suggests that you need to introduce a little spice into your life.											cinnamon_bun	Substance	"To see or eat a cinnamon bun in your dream represents the Self, wholeness, and completion."											circle	Action	"To see a circle in your dream symbolizes perfection, completeness, immortality and/or wholeness."	To see an imperfect or incomplete circle in your dream suggests that you will face many obstacles and setbacks toward achieving your goals.	To see a circle with a cross symbolizes earth.									circuit_board	Tool	To see a circuit board in your dream refers to the steps and processes that need to be completed in order to produce a desired outcome.											circuit_breaker	Tool	To see or trigger a circuit breaker in your dream suggests that you are overloaded and overwhelmed.											circus	Activity	To dream that you are at the circus indicates your desires for a more exciting life.	To dream that the circus is abandoned or empty suggests that you are feeling excluded in some situation.	To dream that there is chaos at the circus signifies that your life is out of control.									citation	Animal	To dream that you get a citation suggests that you need to reevaluate how you are going about your life as it might get you into trouble.											citizenship	Unknown	To dream about your citizenship refers to your sense of belonging and pride.											citrine	Substance	To see a citrine gemstone in your dream represents strength and personal power.											city	Place	To see a city in your dream signifies your social environment and sense of community.	To dream of a city in ruins denotes that you are neglecting your social relationships and allowing them to deteriorate.	"To dream of an underground or underwater city represents your subconscious and how through deeper understanding of yourself, you find commonality and shared experiences with others."									city_hall	Building	To see or dream that you are in City Hall indicates that you are experiencing a lack of support or power.											civil_rights_movement	Unknown	To dream about the 60's civil rights movement in the United Sates suggests that you may be feeling superior over others.											claddagh	Unknown	To see a claddagh in your dream symbolizes love loyalty and friendship.											clairvoyant	Person	To dream that you are clairvoyant suggests that you are experiencing total clarity in a situation or problem.											clam	Invertebrate	To see or eat a clam in your dream refers to your stubbornness and tenacity.											clamp	Tool	"To clamp something in your dream indicates that you need to hold it together, especially when others are prone to losing control."											clap	Event	To dream that you clap your hands means that you are seeking attention.	To hear a clap in your dream implies that there is something you need to pay close attention to.										clapperboard	Unknown	To see or use a clapperboard in your dream symbolizes your quest for fame and glamour.											clarinet	Musical_Instrument	To see or play a clarinet in your dream suggests that you need to adjust your tone of voice.											class	Activity	To dream that you are in class is a metaphor that you need to have more class.	To dream that you forget to attend a class you signed up for indicates your anxieties and fear of failing.										classic_car	Unknown	To see or drive a classic car in your dream signifies longevity and long term goals.											classmate	Person	To see old classmates in your dream indicate that you need to draw on your old associations with your former classmates to gain insight in some current relationship.											classroom	Structure	To dream that you are in a classroom indicates that you are learning an important life lesson.	To dream that you are looking for a classroom suggests that you need to expand your knowledge and learning.	To dream that a classroom is outdoors indicates that you need to learn to be more free and open.									claustrophobia	Illness	To dream that you have claustrophobia suggests feeling of self-guilt.											claw_machine	Unknown	"To see or play with a claw machine or claw crane in your dream points to something in your waking life that is within reach, but continues to escape your grasp."											claw	Body_Part	To see claws in your dream signify feelings of vulnerability and/or hostility.											clay	Person	"To see or work with clay in your dream represents creativity, flexibility and the ability to shape your mind or mold yourself to fit into a situation."	"To see a clay pot in your dream signifies devotion, virtue or purity."										cleaner	Substance	"To dream that you are at the cleaners warns that someone may be ""taking you to the cleaners."											cleaning	Action	To dream that you are cleaning implies that you are removing some negativity in your life and overcoming major obstacles.	To dream that you are cleaning an object represents an aspect of yourself that is not working or functioning as well as it should.	To dream that you are cleaning out a desk suggests that you are getting rid of the burdens that has been weighing you down.									clearance	Event	To dream that something is on clearance suggests that you are selling yourself short.											cleaver	Tool	To see or use a cleaver in your dream indicates that there is something in your life that you need to cut out and get rid of.											clef	Unknown	To see a clef in your dream symbolizes harmony and cooperation.											cleopatra	Person	To see Cleopatra in your dream indicates that you are in danger of being seduced by some uncontrollable force.	To dream that you are Cleopatra suggests that you are acknowledging your own beauty and sexual appeal.										client	Machine	To see a client in your dream refers to your position of power.											cliff	Unknown	"To dream that you are standing at the edge of a cliff indicates that you have reached an increased level of understanding, new awareness, and a fresh point of view."	To dream that you or someone falls off a cliff suggests that you are going through a difficult time and are afraid of what is ahead for you.	To dream that you are climbing to the top of a cliff symbolizes your ambition and drive.									clinic	Building	"To dream that you are in a clinic implies that you need to work on your spiritual, emotional and/or physical well-being."											clipboard	Unknown	To see or use a clipboard in your dream suggests that you are under scrutiny.											cloak	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a cloak signifies the need for security and warmth.											clock	Tool	To see a clock in your dream signifies the importance of time in some waking situation.	To dream that the time on a clock is moving or speeding out of control symbolizes some overwhelming task or emotion that you are going through in your waking life.	To dream that a clock is moving backwards parallels the way that your life is going.	To dream that you are winding or setting a clock suggests that you need to put more effort toward a task in order to obtain the desired result or outcome.								clock_tower	Structure	To see a clock tower in your dream indicates that you will be recognized for your work.											clogged	Unknown	To dream that the drain is clogged up indicates that you need to remove some obstacle or blockage that is hindering your progress.											clog	Activity	To wear clogs in your dream signify your firm and solid foundation.											clone	Person	To dream that you have a clone suggests that you are either in harmony with or in conflict between ideas and decisions.											closed	Unknown	To dream that a door is closed represents an aspect of your life or an opportunity that is closed off to you.	To dream that the store is closed signifies your inability to consider other alternatives and other viewpoints.										closet	Structure	To see a closet in your dream symbolizes something in your life that you have kept hidden.											cloth	Unknown	To see cloth in your dream represents components and various pieces that composes your life.											clothesline	Unknown	"To dream that you are hanging clothing on a clothesline suggests that you are revealing hidden aspects of yourself, especially if they are underwear."											clothing_store	Structure	To dream that you are in a clothing store means that you are looking for a new image.											clothespin	Tool	To see a clothespin in your dream indicates that you are trying to control what is being revealed about yourself and your character.	To dream that you are pinching your nose with a clothespin suggests that you are above the situation at hand.										cloud	Unknown	"To see fluffy, white clouds in your dream signify inner peace, spiritual harmony and compassion."	To see dark or stormy clouds in your dream symbolize depression or anger.										clover	Plant	"To see a three-leaf clover in your dream symbolizes the past, present, and future."	To see a four-leaf clover in your dream represents good luck and happiness.										clove	Food	To see or taste cloves in your dream represent love protection and domestic bliss.											clown	Person	"To see a clown in you dream symbolizes absurdity, light-heartedness, and a childish side to your own character."											club	Structure	To see a club in your dream denotes feelings of aggression or submission depending if the club is used by or against you.	To dream that you are in a night club or dance club represents the social aspects of your life and your sense of belonging.										clubbing	Illness	To dream that you are clubbing represents your sense of belonging.											clumsy	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is clumsy suggests that some situation or relationship is not going smoothly in your life.											clutter	Event	To see clutter in your dream indicates that you need to clean up and organize a certain aspect of your life.											coach	Conveyance	To see or dream that you are a coach indicates that you need to be more self-disciplined.											coal	Substance	To see a coal in your dream represents wealth and prosperity.											coast	Action	To see the coast in your dream suggests that you are on a spiritual quest.											coat	Unknown	To see or wear a coat in your dream symbolizes your protectiveness and defensive persona.	"To dream that a coat is old, worn, or shabby suggests that you are feeling down on yourself."	To see or wear a fur coat in your dream symbolizes prosperity and luxury.									coat_of_arm	Unknown	To see a coat of arms in your dream represents your familial roots and identity.											cobra	Animal	To see a cobra in your dream represents creation and creative energies.											cobweb	Substance	To see cobwebs in your dream suggest that you have not reached your full potential.											cocaine	Substance	To dream that you are taking cocaine indicates that you are feeling empty and devoid of emotions.											cock	Bird	"To see a cock in your dream symbolizes masculinity, pride, valor, cockiness and arrogance."											cockatiel	Bird	To see a cockatiel or cockatoo in your dream implies that you tend to wear your emotions of your face.											cocker_spaniel	Animal	To see a cocker spaniel in your dream symbolizes your alertness.											cockerel	Bird	To see a cockerel in your dream symbolizes male aggression and masculinity.											cockfight	Event	To watch or participate in a cockfight in your dream implies that you masculinity or pride is under attack.											cockpit	Structure	To dream that you are in a cockpit of a plane suggests that you need to take a leadership role and show that you are in control of the situation.											cockroach	Invertebrate	To see a cockroach in your dream symbolizes uncleanness.	"To see a white cockroach in your dream with the word ""soap"" on it symbolizes uncleanness."										cocktail	Food	To dream that you are drinking cocktails indicate your need for some relaxation.											cocoa	Food	To dream that you are eating cocoa refers to relaxed state of mind.											cocoon	Unknown	To see a cocoon on your dream signifies a place of safety and solitude.	"To dream that you are in a cocoon represents your need to rejuvenate and restore your body, mind and spirit."										coffee	Food	To dream that you are drinking or need your coffee suggests that you need to gain some insight and knowledge before making a decision or tackling some project/relationship.	To dream that you are drinking coffee with someone indicates that you might have feelings for that person.	"To see a coffee pot in your dream signifies hospitality and sharing of knowledge, hopes, concerns and/or ideas."									coffee_maker	Unknown	To see a coffee maker in your dream represents a disturbance in your psyche and well-being.											coffee_table	Unknown	To see a coffee table in your dream signifies your social circle and togetherness.											coffin	Unknown	To see a coffin in your dream symbolizes the womb.	To dream of seeing a body or dream of seeing yourself in a coffin suggests that you are going through a period of depression.										coin	Unknown	To see coins in your dream indicate missed or overlooked opportunities that have come your way.	"To see coins stacked in your dream symbolize masculine power, dominance, and energy."										colander	Tool	To see or use a colander in your dream indicates that you are unable to keep your emotions contained.											cold	Illness	To dream that you are cold indicates that you are experiencing a breakthrough in some area in your life.	To see the word cold in your dream suggests that you need to be more neutral or objective in your decision making.	To dream that you touch something cold suggests that you should avoid that object or what that object represents in your waking life.									cold_sore	Illness	To dream that you have a cold sore indicates that you have expressed some hurtful words.											collapse	Action	To dream that you collapse indicates that you are pushing yourself too hard.											collar	Action	To see a collar in your dream signifies confinement and restraint.	To dream that you have ring around the collar indicates that you need to clean up your language and the way you talk to others.										collection	Activity	To dream that you are dealing with collections suggests that you are feeling picked on or harassed.											college	Structure	To dream that you are in college indicates that you are going through some social or cultural changes.											colonel	Person	To see a colonel in your dream suggests that you need to be mindful of other's feelings.	To dream that a colonel is stripped of their rank indicates that something will not go according to your plan.										coloring_book	Unknown	To see or color in a coloring book symbolizes childhood.											colorless	Unknown	To have a colorless dream suggests a depressed mood and a feeling of sadness.											colt	Animal	To see a colt in your dream suggests that you are feeling awkward and insecure.											coma	Body_Part	To dream that you are in a coma indicates your helplessness and inability to function in some given situation.											combination_lock	Tool	To see or use a combination lock in your dream indicates that you are shutting yourself down and not letting others in.											combustion	Action	To see a combustion in your dream represents violent rage or sudden anger.											comedian	Person	To see or dream that you are a comedian suggests that you need to be more carefree.											comedy	Unknown	To dream that you are watching a comedy suggests that you need to try and find the humorous side of a situation especially when things seem to get too intense.											comet	Unknown	To see a comet in your dream indicates that you need to move on and free yourself from emotional and physical burdens.											comforter	Tool	"To see or use a comforter in your dream symbolizes warmth, love, security and protection."											comic	Person	To see or read comics in your dream suggest that you need to learn to not take yourself so seriously.	To dream that you are collecting comics indicate that you refuse to see the problems that exist in your life and only want to focus on the good times.										commandment	Event	To dream of the commandments in your dream suggests that you will be rewarded if you behave and follow the rules.											commercial	Unknown	To dream that you are watching TV commercials signify your tendency to jump from one thing to another without completing your initial responsibilities and tasks.											commune	Place	To dream that you live in a commune indicates that you are withdrawing from society.											communion	Activity	To dream of communion symbolizes your conflict with the material world and the spiritual world.											community	Place	To have a sense of community in your dream means that you need to nurture your relationships with your family/friends and develop new ties.											compact_disc	Tool	To see a compact disc in your dream represents a need for enjoyment or a distraction.											compass	Tool	To see a compass in your dream is a way of your subconscious to show you the way.	To see or use a drafting compass in your dream represents your set path.										compassion	Unknown	To dream about compassion indicates that you are lacking this quality in your waking life.											competition	Event	To dream that you are in a competition represents your need to grow and expand.	To dream that you win a competition suggests that you possess the necessary skills to accomplish a goal or solve a problem in your waking life.										complexion	Unknown	To dream of your complexion represents how others perceive you.											compliment	Unknown	To dream that you are giving a compliment suggests that you need to be steadfast and not let others question your authority and position on things.											composer	Person	To dream that you are a composer signifies that you are creating or directing new found energies to some aspect of your life.											compost	Substance	To see compost in your dream suggests that you need to channel and transform your outdated ideas or past experiences into something you can learn from.											copyright	Unknown	To dream of a copyright indicates that you are guilty of copyright infringement.											computer	Machine	"To see a computer in your dream symbolizes technology, information, and modern life."	To dream that your computer has a mind of its own denotes anxiety about technology and loss of control.	To dream that a computer has a virus or has crashed suggests that something in your life that is out of control.									computer_game	Activity	To dream that you are playing computer games represent a situation in your waking life where you either win or lose.											computer_mouse	Tool	To see or use a computer mouse in your dream symbolizes control over your thoughts.											concentration_camp	Structure	To see or live in a concentration camp in your dream indicates that you are afraid of differences.											concern	Unknown	"To dream that you are concerned about something or someone indicates that you are feeling much anxiety, unhappiness, or uneasiness in some situation of your waking life."											concert	Event	To dream that you are at a concert represents harmony and cooperation in a situation or relationship in your waking life.	To dream that you are holding a concert symbolizes your untapped talents and hidden potential.										conch_shell	Unknown	To see a conch shell in your dream represents sexual inhibitions.											concussion	Event	To dream that you have a concussion suggests that you are not utilizing your fullest potential.											concrete	Unknown	To see concrete in your dream represents your solid and clear understanding of some situation.	To see wet concrete in your dream suggests that some issue or some aspect of your life still remains unresolved.										concubine	Person	To dream that you are a concubine implies that you are compromising your own values and beliefs.	"To dream that you are keeping a concubine refers to a sexual relationship that you are involved in, but have no emotional bond."										condo	Structure	To see or live in a condo in your dream refers to your financial and emotional state.											condom	Tool	To see a wrapped condom in your dream represents your one-sided viewpoints.	To see an unwrapped condom in your dream indicates sexual frustration.	To dream that you or your partner is wearing a condom suggests that you feel emotionally protected.									condor	Bird	To see a condor in your dream signifies your close connection with your spirituality and to the supernatural.											conductor	Tool	To see or dream that you are a conductor represents your abilities to lead and direct yourself toward higher awareness.											cone	Unknown	To see a cone in your dream represents a flow of ideas and feelings.											conference	Unknown	To dream that you are attending a conference suggests that you need to consider the ideas and opinions of others before forming your own conclusion.											confessional	Structure	To see a confessional in your dream represents something that you can no longer keep to yourself.											confetti	Substance	To see or throw confetti in your dream represents achievement and success.											confront	Unknown	To dream of a confrontation represents a conflict or a fear that you are facing in your waking life.											confucius	Person	To see Confucius in your dream indicates that you need to utilize your common sense.											confusion	Event	To dream that you are confused reflects your true confused state of mind and the nonsensical events of your waking life.											conga_line	Unknown	To see or be part of a conga line in your dream implies that you are lacking creative expression.											conman	Unknown	To see a conman in your dream indicates that you are being taken advantage of in some way.											connection	Action	To dream that you miss your train or plane connection symbolize missed opportunities.											conspiracy	Unknown	To dream of a conspiracy suggests that you are deceiving others or being deceived by someone.											constellation	Unknown	To see a constellation in your dream indicates that something in your life is coming together in a complex way.											constipation	Action	To dream that you have constipation denotes that you are unwilling to part with your old ways.											construction	Activity	To dream that a building is under construction suggests that you need to work on some aspect of yourself and better your mind or body.	"To see construction in your dream signifies a new surge of energy, growth, ambition and renewed confidence."	To dream that you are walking barefoot on a construction site means that you are not ready to put in the work necessary to improve your mind or body.									contact_lens	Tool	To see or wear contact lens in your dream suggests that you need to focus on the task at hand.											contest	Event	To dream that you enter or are in a contest indicates the need to prove yourself as worthy and deserving.											container	Unknown	"To see a container in your dream refers to your tendency to keep your thoughts, ideas or feelings inside instead of expressing them."											contortionist	Person	To see or dream that you are a contortionist suggests that you are literally getting all twisted and wound up over a problem or situation in your life.											contraceptive	Tool	To see or use contraceptive in your dream suggests that you are refusing to let your creativity emerge from beneath the surface.											contract	Activity	To dream that you are signing a contract indicates that you are ready to commit to a long term relationship or project.	To dream that you enter into a bad contract suggests that you need to think twice about committing to a relationship.										contrail	Unknown	"To see a contrail in your dream symbolizes hope, pride and possibilities."											control_tower	Structure	To see or dream that you are in a control tower may be a metaphor that you need to get a better handle on your waking life situation.											convent	Building	To dream that you are at a convent represents your need for spiritual support and nurturance.											convention	Event	To dream that you are at a convention represents your need for contact and communication.											conversion	Action	To dream about a conversion indicates your hopes that some problem or situation can be changed.											convertible	Conveyance	To see or dream that you are in a convertible refers to your glamorous attitude.											conveyer_belt	Unknown	To see a conveyer belt in your dream suggests that you are stuck in a rut.											convict	Person	To dream that you are a convict suggests that some situation or relationship is making you feel restricted.	To see a convict in your dream indicates that an aspect of yourself is unable to freely express itself.										cookie_cutter	Tool	To see or use a cookie cutter in your dream symbolizes monotony and sameness.											cookie_monster	Unknown	To see Cookie Monster in your dream indicates that you need to eat more healthier and have a more balanced diet.											cooky	Substance	"To dream that you are eating, giving, receiving, or stealing cookies indicate that you are letting trivial matters and minor problems annoy you."	To dream that you are baking cookies signify feelings of optimism and increases.	To see or eat chocolate chip cookies symbolizes your guilty indulgences.									cooking	Action	To dream that you are cooking signifies your desire to influence others in such a way so that they will like you or become dependent on you.	To dream that you have difficulties cooking indicate that you are trying too hard.										cooking_oil	Substance	To see or use cooking oil in your dream represents a smooth transition.											cooler	Structure	To see a cooler in your dream represents someone who is frigid or who has cold personality.											copier	Unknown	To see or use a copier in your dream represents your lack of originality and your tendency to copy other's ideas/beliefs.											copper	Invertebrate	To see copper in your dream represents the power of healing.											coral	Invertebrate	To see coral in your dream symbolizes protection and the beauty of life.											cord	Tool	To see cords in your dream symbolize a lack in independence in a situation or relationship.											coriander	Food	To see or eat coriander in your dream symbolizes immortality.											cork	Structure	To see cork in your dream represents your versatility and adaptability in different situations.	To see a cork pop in your dream symbolizes male sexuality and climax.										corkscrew	Tool	"To see or use a corkscrew in your dream suggests that some aspect of your life is spinning out of control, especially if you are having difficulties using the corkscrew."											corn	Food	"To see corn in your dream signifies abundance, prosperity, growth and fertility."	To see a field of corn in your dream represents domestic bliss and harmony.										corner	Place	To dream that you are in a corner signifies feelings of frustration and lack of control in making decisions.											cornfield	Place	To dream that you are in a cornfield refers to your desire to escape from your daily demands and/or problems.											cornflower	Plant	"To see cornflower in your dream represents hope, togetherness, and unity."											cornucopia	Unknown	"To see a cornucopia in your dream represents abundance, plentitude, fertility and prosperity."											corpse	Unknown	To see a corpse in your dream represents an aspect of yourself that has died.											correction_tape	Unknown	To see or use correction tape in your dream represents your desires for a fresh new start.											corridor	Place	To walk along a corridor in your dream signifies a transitional phase of self exploration.											corsage	Unknown	To see or wear a corsage in your dream suggests that an aspect of yourself is looking to be acknowledged and recognized.											corset	Unknown	"To see or wear a corset in your dream indicates submission, restraint and restrictions."											cost	Unknown	"To see or notice the cost of something in your dream represents the value you are placing on yourself, your time and your abilities."											costume	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a costume indicates that you are putting on a facade toward others.											costume_party	Unknown	To dream that you are at a costume party suggests that you are trying to escape from the demands of real life.											cottage	Building	To see a cottage in your dream represents comfort peace and serenity.											cotton	Plant	To dream that you are picking cotton suggests that you are seeing little benefits from all your long hard work.	To dream that you are wearing cotton symbolizes simplicity.										cotton_ball	Illness	To see or use a cotton ball in your dream indicates that you need to apply yourself and focus on some important project.											cotton_candy	Food	To see or eat cotton candy in your dream represents childhood pleasures or rewards.											couch	Substance	"To see or dream that you are on a couch represents rest, relaxation, laziness or boredom."											cougar	Animal	"To see a cougar in your dream symbolizes wild beauty, power, grace, and raw emotion."											cough_drop	Food	To see or take cough drops in your dream indicate that you need some coaxing in order to discuss some issue.											coughing	Illness	To dream that you are coughing represents your fear or dissatisfaction of the future.											counselor	Person	To see or dream that you are a counselor or dream that you are one suggests that you are seeking for some support and direction in your life.											counter	Action	To stand in front of a counter in your dream suggests that you are looking for advice and for some direction in your life.											counterfeit	Unknown	To see counterfeit money in your dream indicates that you are feeling unworthy or that someone is devaluing your talents or efforts.											counting	Activity	"To dream that you are counting suggests that you are too rigid, obsessive-compulsive and overly disciplined."											country	Place	To dream that you escape to another country symbolizes change in your life.											country_club	Unknown	To dream that you are in a country club represents your status in society and sense of belong.											countryside	Place	To dream of the countryside suggests that you are seeking a simpler way of life.											couple	Unknown	"To see a couple in your dream symbolize marriage, your parents, or a relationship."											courage	Unknown	To dream that you have great courage indicates that you are willing to confront rejected aspects of your subconscious head on.											coupon	Unknown	To see or clip coupons in your dream suggest that you are doing your best to maximize your resources.											court	Event	To dream that you are in court standing up for charges against you signifies your struggle with issues of fear and guilt.											courthouse	Building	To see a courthouse in your dream indicates that you are being judged.											cover	Activity	To dream that you are covering something indicates a part of yourself that you are trying to hide or are afraid of revealing.											cow	Animal	To see a cow in your dream symbolizes your passive and docile nature.	To see the skeleton of a cow suggests that your mother or motherly figure in your waking life is displaying a lack of emotions.	To dream that you are milking a cow represents your willingness and drive to work hard.									coward	Person	To dream that you or someone is a coward indicates that you are afraid to see your true Self and to be who you are.											cowboy	Person	"To see or dream that you are a cowboy symbolizes masculinity, ruggedness, and toughness."											cowrie_shell	Unknown	To see or wear cowrie shells in your dream signify your laid back and easy going attitude.											coyote	Animal	To see a coyote in your dream denotes deception and weakness.											cpr	Activity	"To dream that you are performing CPR on someone indicates that you have resolved some anxiety, fear or tension in your life."	To dream that someone is giving you CPR suggests that you are feeling exhausted or emotionally drained.										crab	Activity	To see a crab in your dream signifies you perseverance and tenacity.											crack	Action	To dream of a crack in some object indicates that something in your life is imperfect.											cradle	Place	To see a cradle in your dream symbolizes a dependent relationship.											crafting	Unknown	To dream that you are making crafts refers to your resourcefulness and your hands on approach to various situations.											cramp	Tool	To dream that you have a cramp means that you need to stop what you are doing and reevaluate your choices or decisions.											cranberry	Food	To see or eat cranberries in your dream means longevity and good health.											crane	Bird	"To see a crane in your dream represents happiness, maternal love, and your gestures of good will."											crank_call	Unknown	To dream that you are making a crank call signifies your frustrations about not being taken seriously.											crash	Action	"To dream that you are in a car crash indicates that your beliefs, lifestyle, or goals are clashing with another's."	To wake up before you crash in your dream may simply be the anticipation of the crash that jolts you awake.										crash_test_dummy	Unknown	To see a crash test dummy in your dream refers to the impacts others are making on your life.											crate	Unknown	"To see a crate in your dream signifies your positive attitude, your potential, the possibilities and your drive for success."											crater	Unknown	To see a crater in your dream indicates that aspects of your subconscious are being slowly revealed to you.											crawfish	Invertebrate	To see a crawfish in your dream represents your tenacity.											crawl_space	Place	To see a crawl space in your dream symbolizes your subconscious.											crawling	Action	To dream that you are crawling indicates that you are approaching your goals with careful forethought and preparation.	To dream that you are crawling out of a wreck or ruins represents your willpower.	"To dream that someone is crawling towards you signifies your need for power, revenge, superiority, or control."									crayon	Tool	To see crayons in your dream represent some childhood memory or a period of time where you were more carefree.											crazy	Person	To dream that you are going crazy suggests that you have lost sight of your goals.											cream	Food	To see or eat cream in your dream indicates that you appreciate the minor and sweet things in life.	To see or apply face cream in your dream represents a beautiful soul.										credit	Action	To dream that you are getting credit for something represents acceptance of your responsibilities and duty.											credit_card	Unknown	"To dream about credit cards relate to your worth, value and/or credibility."	To dream that you lose your credit cards indicate your carelessness in some aspect of your waking life.	To dream that someone is stealing your credit cards suggest that something or someone is robbing you of vital energy.									credit_score	Unknown	To dream of your credit score represents your feelings of measuring up or being accepted in some way.											creek	Person	To see a creek in your dream represents personal energy flow and steady emotional release.	To see a dried up creek indicates that you are being cut off from your spiritual being and being out of touch with yourself.										cremains	Unknown	To see cremains in your dream symbolizes change.											crepe	Substance	To see or eat a crepe in our dream implies that you are doing your best to keep it together while still looking your best.	To see or wear a crepe fabric in your dream suggests that life is not always as smooth as you want it to be.										crescent	Unknown	To see a crescent in your dream represents the emergence of your feminine character.											crib	Activity	"To see a crib in your dream suggests that you are harvesting or ""babying"" a new idea, creation or project."											cricket	Activity	To see crickets in your dream represents introspection.	To hear crickets in your dream suggests that you are letting minor things bother you.										crime	Activity	To dream that you or someone commits a crime represents feelings of guilt and shame.											crime_scene_tape	Unknown	To see crime scene tape in your dream represents protection from your subconscious.											criminal	Person	To dream that you are a criminal indicates that you are looking for a short cut in life.											critic	Person	To dream that you are a critic suggests that you are being overly judgmental of others or of some situation.											crochet	Unknown	To see crochet in your dream indicates that you will find yourself entangled in some situation											crock_pot	Tool	To see or use a crock pot in your dream suggests that you need to look at various sources to attack a problem.											crocodile	Animal	"To see a crocodile in your dream symbolizes freedom, hidden strength and power."											crocus	Plant	To see a crocus in your dream represents lucidity and your need to think more clearly about a situation.											croissant	Substance	To dream that you are eating a croissant indicates that you are lacking some affection or love in your life.											crooked	Unknown	To see something crooked in your dream indicates that something is not right or normal about a situation.											crop	Body_Part	"To dream that you are tending to your crop represents growth, self-love, and self-appreciation."											cross	Structure	"To see a cross in your dream signifies suffering, martyrdom, death, and/or sacrifice."											cross-dressing	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is cross-dressing indicates that you need to express and acknowledge your masculine side if you are female or your feminine side if you are male.											crossing	Action	To dream that you are crossing a street suggests that you are putting yourself in harm's way.	To dream that you are crossing a river or some body of water symbolizes a spiritual change or reawakening.										crossbones	Unknown	To see crossbones in your dream symbolizes danger and poison.											crossbow	Weapon	To see or use a crossbow in your dream implies that you need to have more precision in the goals that you are reaching for.											crossing_gate	Unknown	"To see a crossing gate in your dream symbolizes temporary setbacks toward achieving your goals, especially if the gate is going down."											crossroad	Place	To dream that you are at a crossroads symbolize an important decision that you need to make.											crosswalk	Place	To see or dream that you are in a crosswalk means that you are careful about the risks you take.											crossword_puzzle	Unknown	To see or do a crossword puzzle suggests that you are being faced with a mental challenge.											crow	Bird	To see a crow in your dream represents death and the darker aspects of your character.	To dream that you kill a crow implies that you are unable to or refuse to give up a habit.	To dream that a crow kills a person represents an inescapable death.									crowbar	Tool	To see or use a crowbar in your dream suggests that you are trying to get into your subconscious even though you may not be mentally ready to confront those issues.	To dream that you are attached with a crowbar means that someone is making you confront some issue that you are not ready to deal with.										crowd	Unknown	To dream that you are in or part of a crowd suggests that you need some space for yourself.	To dream that you are not part of a crowd or that you separated yourself from a crowd suggests that you are feeling left out.	To see an unruly crowd in your dream signifies that the worries and problems around you are pressing in on you.	"To see a happy, orderly crowd in your dream indicates that you have a strong social support system."								crown	Place	To see a crown in your dream symbolizes success and prominence.	To dream that you are wearing a crown suggests that you are in a position of power.										crucifix	Activity	"To see a crucifix in your dream is symbolic of new life, spiritual guidance, and liberation."	To see an upside down crucifix implies that some aspect of your life is in disarray.										cruel	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is being cruel signifies the release of pent-up hostility and anger.	To dream that someone is being cruel to you suggests that you need to develop your inner and outer strengths and become more emotionally strong.										cruise	Action	To dream that you are on a cruise represents some emotional journey that you are going through.											crumb	Person	To see or make crumbs in your dream suggest that you are feeling left out.											crush	Action	To dream that you have a crush on somebody is a literal reflection of your attraction and fascination for that person.	To dream that your crush has died suggests that your feelings for her or him is waning; the crush is no longer as strong.										crutch	Action	To dream that you are on crutches signify your need to lean on others for help.											cry	Event	To see someone else crying in your dream may be a projection of your own feelings onto someone else.											crystal	Substance	"To see a crystal in your dream signifies wholeness, purity, healing, development and unity."	To dream that you are looking into a crystal represents how you are looking within yourself to find your true destiny.										crystal_ball	Unknown	To see or look through a crystal ball in your dream suggests that you are looking for guidance and direction in your life.											crystal_skull	Unknown	To see or find a crystal skull in your dream represents something you do not fully understand.											cub	Animal	"To see a cub in your dream represents innocence, playfulness and/or mischievousness."											cube	Plant	To see a cube in your dream symbolizes material possessions and earthly things.											cuckoo	Bird	To see a cuckoo in your dream symbolizes unfaithfulness.											cucumber	Substance	To see or eat a cucumber in your dream signifies recuperation and recovery.											cult	Unknown	To dream that you are in a cult suggests that you are in some destructive and/or manipulative relationship.	To see a cult in your dream indicates that you are lacking any spiritual freedom.	To dream that you are a leader of a cult signifies your authoritarian attitude.									cup	Food	"To see a cup in your dream represents love, nurturance and the womb."	To see a cup with a broken handle indicates your feelings of inadequacy and anxieties of being unable to handle a particular situation.	"To see a broken cup in your dream denotes feelings of powerlessness, guilt and/or low self-esteem."									cupboard	Structure	To dream that you are opening a cupboard signifies that you are revealing some hidden truth or secret.	"To dream that you are closing the cupboard or putting something away inside the cupboard, indicates that there is something you are trying to hide."										cupcake	Substance	To see or eat a cupcake in your dream suggests that you are treating yourself to a little sweet reward.											cupid	Unknown	To see cupid in your dream represents a love relationship in your waking life.											curb	Activity	To see a curb in your dream symbolizes restrictions and limitations.											cure	Substance	To dream of a cure for a disease or illness indicates positive changes ahead.											curfew	Unknown	To dream that you have a curfew symbolizes some time-sensitive situation.	To dream that you miss curfew denotes your fear of change.										curlers	Unknown	To see curlers in your dream suggest that you are thinking in circles.											curling	Activity	To dream that you are watching or playing curling symbolizes teamwork and cooperation.											curling_iron	Unknown	To see or use a curling iron in your dream indicates that you are trying to disguise your true feelings.											current	Event	To see/notice an ocean or river current in your dream represents the direction of your life and the decisions you have made along the way.											curry	Food	To see or taste curry in your dream suggests that you are emotionally sensitive and easily irritable.											curse	Event	To dream that you or someone is under a curse suggests that you are getting caught up in your own guilt.											curtain_rod	Unknown	To see a curtain rod in your dream indicates that you are revealing too much.											curtain	Unknown	To see or dream that you are shutting the curtains signify secrecy and a repression of thoughts.											curtsy	Unknown	To curtsy in your dream suggests that you are acknowledging something that is greater than you and deserves your respect.											cushion	Tool	To see or use a cushion in your dream suggests that you are in need of more rest and relaxation.											custard	Food	To see or eat custard in your dream represents your appreciation for the little things in life.											customer	Person	To see a customer or customers in your dream refers to others who share your viewpoints and ideas.											custom	Activity	To dream that you are going through customs indicates that you are under scrutiny and are being criticized.											cut	Event	To dream that you have a cut suggests that you are being let down or being undermined.	To dream that someone else is being cut suggests that you are trying to understand this person on some level.	To see cut marks on a wall refers to your desires to break free from some obligation or relationship.									cuticle	Place	To notice your cuticles in our dream suggest that you are being overly sensitive.											cutting	Action	To dream that you are cutting something signifies a broken relationship or severed connection.											cuttlefish	Invertebrate	To see or eat cuttlefish in your dream indicates that you are clear on your feelings and are expressing them in a healthy manner.											cyborg	Person	To see or dream that you are a cyborg implies that you need to balance your objectivity with your personal feelings.											cyclamen	Plant	"To see cyclamen in your dream represents the feminine mystique, seduction, lust and allure."											cyclone	Unknown	To see a cyclone in your dream suggests that you are fighting against some emotional turmoil.											cyclops	Invertebrate	To see Cyclops in your dream suggests that you may be narrow-minded and need to expand the scope of your vision.											cylinder	Unknown	"To see a cylinder in your dream suggests that you are receptive to new ideas, especially if both ends of the cylinder are open."											cymbals	Unknown	To dream that you are playing with cymbals indicate that you are overreacting in some situation.											cypress	Plant	"To see a cypress tree in your dream symbolizes death, the underworld, and the subconscious."											cyst	Body_Part	To dream that you have cyst suggests that you have something that needs to be expressed and get out in the open.											d	Letter	"To see the letter ""D"" in your dream signifies mediocrity."											dachshund	Animal	To see a Dachshund in your dream highlights your loyalty and devotion to others.											dagger	Weapon	"To see or use a dagger in your dream represents some ""cutting remark""."	To dream that you take a dagger from somebody's hand means you will overcome hardships and misfortune.										dahlias	Unknown	To see dahlias in a dream signify good fortune in financial matters.											dairy	Place	To dream that you are in a dairy farm suggest that you are well nurtured and well care for.											dalmatian	Animal	To see a Dalmatian in you dream suggests that you overlook your own feelings in order to tend to the needs of others.											dam	Animal	To see a dam in your dream signifies repressed emotions or feelings that needs to be released.											damask_rose	Plant	To dream that you receive a bouquet of damask rose foretells of true love.											damson	Food	To see a damson tree full with fruit in your dream signifies riches.											dance	Activity	To dream that you are attending or going to a dance indicates a celebration and your attempts to achieve happiness.											dance_class	Unknown	To dream that you are in dance class indicates that you need to learn to let go.											dance_floor	Unknown	To see a dance floor in your dream implies that you need to be more expressive.											dance_recital	Unknown	To see or dream that you are in a dance recital suggests that you are ready to move forward into a new phase in your life.											dandruff	Illness	To dream that you have dandruff indicates that you are misusing your energy.											danger	Activity	To dream that you are in danger suggests that you need to be more cautious in some aspect of your life.	To dream that you escape from danger signifies that you will rise to a place of high position and honor in your business and social circle.										dare	Event	To dream that you dare someone to do something suggests that you are too dominating or too overbearing.											daredevil	Person	"To watch or dream that you are a daredevil means that you need to take a risk and be more ""daring"" in some situation."											darkness	Place	To dream that darkness comes upon you signifies failure in some work that you are attempting.	To dream that you cannot find someone in the darkness signifies that you need to keep your temper in check.	"To dream that you are lost in the darkness denotes feelings of desperation, depression, or insecurity."	To dream that you are groping around in the darkness indicates that you have insufficient information to make a clear decision.								darkroom	Structure	To dream that you are in a darkroom suggests that you are waiting for something to happen.											dartboard	Unknown	To see a dartboard in your dream indicates that you are feeling hostility from someone.											darth_vader	Unknown	To see Darth Vader in your dream implies that you are struggling between good and evil.	To dream that someone you know is Darth Vader implies that there is some good in everyone.										dart	Action	To dream that you are throwing darts in your dream refers to some hurtful or harmful remarks that you or someone have said.											dashboard	Tool	To see a dashboard in your dream represents the status of your goals and of where you are headed in life.											date	Food	To dream that you are on a date represents your need for self-discovery and self-awareness.	"To dream of a date, as in a particular, month, day and year represents the passing of time and past events."										date	Food	To see plump ripe dates growing on a tree represents happiness and joy.	To dream that you are eating dates signify distress.										dating_show	Unknown	"To watch or dream that you are on a dating show implies that you are looking to be in a relationship, but are looking in all the wrong places."											daughter	Person	To see your daughter in your dream represents your waking relationship with your daughter and the qualities that she projects.											daughter-in-law	Person	"To see your daughter-in-law in your dream signifies that an unusual and unexpected incident will either give you much happiness or distress, depending on her demeanor in your dream."											dawn	Event	"To see the dawn in your dream signifies rejuvenation, enlightenment, and vitality."											day	Person	To dream of a sunny day symbolizes clarity and/or pleasantness.	To dream of the passing of a day indicates that you need to manage your time better and plot out your goals in a more deliberate manner.										daycare	Activity	To dream that you are at a daycare indicates that you want to be taken care of and not have to worry about anything else.											dead	Unknown	To see or talk to the dead in your dream forewarns that you are being influenced by negative people and are hanging around the wrong crowd.											dead_end	Place	To dream that have reached a dead end indicates that you have come to an abrupt end in the pursuit of your goals.											deadline	Unknown	To dream of a deadline signifies your preoccupation with time.											death	Action	To dream about the death of a loved one suggests that you are lacking a certain aspect or quality that the loved one embodies.	To dream that you are faking your own death suggests that you are looking for a new start.	To have a near death experience in your dream implies that you are experience a relapse of sorts.	"To dream that you die in your dream symbolizes inner changes, transformation, self-discovery and positive development that is happening within you or your life."								death_penalty	Event	To dream that you are given the death penalty means that you need to reevaluate your life and the decisions that you are making.											debate	Event	To dream that you are in a debate symbolizes some inner turmoil or conflict that you are experiencing.											debt	Unknown	"To dream that you are in debt signifies imbalance, struggle, worry and trouble in some personal situation or business matter."											debutante_ball	Unknown	To attend a debutante ball in your dream represents a celebration of life.	To dream that a debutante ball is held in your honor indicates that you are undergoing a transitional phase in your life.										decay	Unknown	To see something decay in your dream signifies the degradation of a situation or circumstance.											deceased	Person	To see or talk to the dead in your dream forewarns that you are being influenced by negative people and are hanging around the wrong crowd.											december	Unknown	"To dream of the month of December signifies togetherness, friendships, and happy reunions."											deck	Structure	To dream that you are out on the deck represents your connection with your Self and with nature.											decompose	Unknown	To see something decay in your dream signifies the degradation of a situation or circumstance.											decoy	Tool	To dream that you are using a decoy indicates your tendency to mislead people.	To dream that you are a decoy represents self denial or self deception.										deer	Animal	"To see a deer in your dream symbolizes grace, compassion, gentleness, meekness and natural beauty."											defibrillator	Tool	To dream that someone is using a defibrillator on you implies that you need to be reenergized.											deformed	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is deformed represents undeveloped aspects of yourself that you may have ignored.											delay	Event	To experience a delay in your dream suggests that obstacles toward your goals are inevitable.											deli	Structure	To dream that you are at a deli indicates that you are seeking for emotional nourishment outside of your social support system.											delight	Unknown	To dream that you are experiencing delight signifies a favorable and positive turn of events.											delinquent	Person	To see a delinquent in your dream indicates that you are wasting away some aspect of your life.											delivery	Action	To dream that you are expecting a delivery or have a delivery signifies disappointments.											delta	Unknown	To see a river delta in your dream represents an end to something in your waking life.											dementia	Unknown	"To dream that you or someone has dementia implies that there is a waking situation that is causing you to ""lose your mind."											demeter	Unknown	To see Demeter in your dream represents your maternal instinct and your desire to provide for and support your dependents.											demolition	Action	To dream of a demolition suggests that you are undergoing major changes in your life.											demon	Person	"To see demons in your dream indicates that you may be experiencing or inflicting fear, emotional distress or physical abuse in your waking life."	To dream that you are possessed by demons indicates helplessness.										demonstration	Activity	To dream that you are part of a demonstration indicates that you need to speak up for yourself and for your rights.											den	Structure	"To dream that you are in the den signifies work, industry, and efficiency."											denial	Event	To dream that you are in denial about something reflects your waking state of mind.											denim	Unknown	To see or wear denim in your dream signifies ruggedness and durability.											dent	Unknown	To see a dent in your dream signifies self-doubt in your thinking.											dentist	Person	To dream that you are at the dentist represents your concerns about your appearance.											denture	Tool	To dream that you are wearing dentures indicate that you are not being completely truthful in some waking matter.	To see or dream that others are wearing dentures suggests that someone in your life is not who they say they are.										deodorant	Unknown	To see or put on deodorant in your dream represents your inner strength and your ability to rid yourself of harmful and destructive behaviors.											department_store	Structure	To dream that you are in a department store suggests that you are trying to fulfill your needs and desires.											desert	Place	To dream that you are walking through a desert signifies loss and misfortune.											desk	Unknown	To see or sit at your desk in your dream suggests that you are evaluating and weighing your problems.	To dream that your desk is cluttered indicates that you need to prioritize and reorganize aspects of your life.										despair	Unknown	To dream that you are in despair represents the many hardships and cruelties that you will experience in the waking world.	To dream that others are in despair denotes that someone around you will be in need of your help.										dessert	Food	"To see or eat a tasty dessert in your dream represents indulgence, celebration, reward, or temptation."											destruction	Action	To dream about mass destruction suggests that there is some chaos occurring in your life.											detective	Person	To see a detective in your dream signifies the thrills and dangers in some aspect of your waking life.	To dream that you are a detective indicates that you are searching for your hidden abilities and talents.	To dream that you are being followed by a detective signifies guilt.									detention	Event	To dream that you are in detention suggests that you need to reflect on your negative actions and bad behavior.											detergent	Substance	To see or use detergent in your dream indicates that you need to resolve a major problem in your life.											determination	Action	To dream that you have determination represents your ambition and realization of your goals.											detour	Place	To see a detour in your dream suggests that you have encountered an obstacle in some aspect of your life.											devil	Person	"To see the devil in your dream signifies fear, limitations, and negative aspects of yourself."	To dream that you fight off the devil indicates that you will succeed in defeating your enemies.	To dream that the devil talks to you suggests that you will find certain temptations hard to resist even though you know it is not in your best interest.	To dream that you and the devil are friends suggests that you are easily influenced and can be persuaded into doing something you do not necessarily want to do.								devotion	Activity	To dream that you are showing your devotion to your beliefs is a reminder that nothing will be gained by deceit.											dew	Unknown	To dream that dew is falling represents a spiritual renewal and cleansing.											dial	Tool	To see a dial in your dream indicates that you need to be more in tune to your thoughts and to your intuition.											diamond	Place	"To receive diamond jewelry in your dream signifies love, commitment and dedication."	To dream that a diamond is fake suggests that you are trying to be someone that you are not.	To see a diamond shape in your dream symbolizes the many directions that you can take in life.									diaper	Unknown	To see or wear a diaper in your dream symbolizes your childish or babyish attitudes/actions.											diarrhea	Illness	To dream that you have diarrhea signifies that some part of your life is going out of control.											dice	Unknown	To see or play dice in your dream suggests that you are taking chances and playing with fate.											dictator	Person	To see or dream that you are a dictator suggests that you need to be more flexible and open-minded in your thinking and in your decision making.											dictionary	Unknown	To dream that you are using a dictionary signifies that you rely too much on the opinions of others in the management of your own affairs.											die	Tool	To dream about the death of a loved one suggests that you are lacking a certain aspect or quality that the loved one embodies.	To dream that you are faking your own death suggests that you are looking for a new start.	To have a near death experience in your dream implies that you are experience a relapse of sorts.	"To dream that you die in your dream symbolizes inner changes, transformation, self-discovery and positive development that is happening within you or your life."								diet	Activity	To dream that you are on a diet suggests that you are punishing yourself.											digging	Activity	To dream that you are digging indicates that you are working hard to uncover the truth in a problem that is haunting you.											dildo	Tool	"To see or use a dildo in your dream suggests that you are feeling unsatisfied in some area of your life, which may or may not relate to sex."	To wear a strap-on dildo in your dream refers to your unexpressed masculine energy.										dill	Food	To see or eat dill in your dream represents spiritual and emotional protection.											dim	Unknown	To dream that it is dim indicates that you are lacking clarity in a waking situation.											dime	Unknown	"To see a dime in your dream represents the number 10 and thus means closure, strength and big gains."											dimension	Unknown	To dream that you are in another dimension refers to your desire of escaping from your own reality.											dimple	Substance	"To see dimples in your dream represent happiness, joy, and pleasure."											dining_room	Structure	To dream that you are in a dining room represents your quest for knowledge and understanding.											dinner	Food	To dream that you are eating dinner alone indicates that you need to do some serious thinking about your goals and directions in life.	"To dream that you are eating dinner with others signifies your acceptance or others, your interpersonal relationships, and how you behave in your social life."										dinosaur	Animal	To see a dinosaur in your dream symbolizes an outdated attitude.	To dream that you are being chased by a dinosaur indicates your fears of no longer being needed or useful.										dip	Activity	To dream that you are going for a dip in the water suggests that you are exploring your emotions.	To dream that you dip your partner represents your self confidence.	To see or eat dip in your dream signifies your desires for a little extra flavor in your life.									diploma	Unknown	To see or receive a diploma in your dream symbolizes completion and/or recognition for a job well done.											diplomat	Person	To dream that you are a diplomat suggests that you need to approach some situation or problem with care and tact.											direction	Activity	To dream that you are following directions represent your need or ability to accept criticism.	To dream that you are giving directions refer to your goals and purpose.										director	Person	To dream that you are a film director refers to your desire to control the outcome of a situation.											dirigible	Conveyance	To see a dirigible in your dream symbolizes your ambition and the determination to achieve your goals.											dirt	Event	To see freshly stirred dirt in your dream symbolizes thriftiness and frugalness.	To dream that someone throws dirt at you suggests that someone is questioning your character and harming your reputation.										dirty	Unknown	To dream that you or something is dirty represents your anxieties and feelings toward sex.											disability	Illness	To dream that you have a disability indicates that you are experiencing a lowered self-esteem.											disappear	Unknown	To dream that people or objects are disappearing right before your eyes signify your anxieties and insecurities over the notion that loved ones might disappear out of your life.											disappointment	Event	To dream of disappointment indicates real-life experiences of being continually disappointed.											disapproval	Event	To dream of disapproval indicates that you are rejecting or ignoring some aspect of yourself.											disaster	Action	To dream that you are in a disaster represents your personal anxieties and fears of change.											disc_golf	Unknown	To dream that you are playing disc golf means that you need to take things more seriously and focus on your future goals.											disc_jockey	Person	To listen to a disc jockey in your dream represents a message from your subconscious.											disco	Structure	To dream that you are a disco suggests that you need to get out and be more sociable.	To dream that you are listening or dancing to disco music represents your free spirit.										disco_ball	Unknown	To see a disco ball in your dream symbolizes your fun and free spirit.											discovery	Action	To dream of a discovery indicates that you are a entering a new phase of life or a new phase of personal development.											disease	Illness	To dream that you are inflicted with a disease forewarns of some illness or physical ailment.											disguise	Activity	To dream that you are in a disguise indicates that you are hiding from something or someone in your waking life.											disgust	Unknown	To feel disgust in your dream represents an unacknowledged or denied aspect of your own self.											dish	Activity	"To see dishes in your dream represent ideas, concepts, and attitudes."	To dream that you are washing dishes suggest that you are moving on and planning for the next thing that comes your way.	To see shelves of polished dishes suggest that you are doing your best and making the best out of a situation.	"To see broken dishes or break dishes in your dream signify feelings of poverty, lack, and inadequacy."								dishwasher	Person	To see or use a dishwasher in your dream suggests that you need to resolve past issues and old problems in order to make a clean start for yourself.											disinfectant	Substance	To see or use a disinfectant in your dream signifies cleansing and healing.											disinherited	Unknown	To dream that you have been disinherited forewarns that you should reevaluate your social and professional standing.											diskette	Tool	To see a diskette in your dream symbolizes the transfer of ideas and advices from one person to another.											dislike	Unknown	To dream that you dislike someone or are disliked represents an aspect of yourself that you do not like or are trying to suppress.	To see someone you dislike in your dream suggests that you are in denial about something.										disneyland	Place	"To dream that you are at Disneyland indicates that you need to take some time off, especially after all the hard work that you have been involved in."											disobedience	Event	To dream that you disobey authority suggests that you are going against your conscience.											dispute	Event	To dream that you are having disputes with others suggest that you are trying to resolve some internal conflict or some unsettled issue in your waking life.											dissolve	Unknown	To see a liquid dissolve in your dream signifies the integration of various aspects of yourself.											distress	Action	To dream that you or others are in distress represents worries and unhappiness in your waking life.											ditch	Unknown	To see a ditch in your dream indicates that there is something in your waking life that you need to avoid.											diving	Activity	To dream that you are diving into clear water indicates that you have overcome your obstacles and setbacks.	To dream that you are diving into muddy water suggests that you are feeling anxious about how you have handled certain issues in your waking life.	To see others diving in your dream represents psychological and emotional balance.	To see animals diving in your dream suggest that are exploring your instinctual and sexual urges which have been previously suppressed into your subconscious.								diving_board	Unknown	To see or stand on a diving board in your dream indicates that you need to think things through carefully and thoroughly before you take the plunge.											divorce	Event	To dream that you are getting a divorce suggests that you need to differentiate between things in your life and prioritize them.											dizzy	Unknown	To dream that you feel dizzy symbolizes confusion.											dna	Substance	To dream about DNA suggests that you need to focus your energy.											doberman_pincher	Unknown	To see a Doberman Pincher in your dream symbolizes your fears.											dock	Body_Part	To dream that you are on a dock suggests that you have successfully gotten through some tough times and emotions.											doctor	Activity	To dream that you are seeing the doctor indicates your need for emotional and spiritual healing.	To dream that you are a doctor suggests that there is some problem that you need to patch up or some emotional wound that you need to bandage up.										document	Unknown	To see or read a document in your dream represent some important information that is about to be made known to you.											documentary	Event	To have a dream in a documentary format suggests that you need to appreciate the life you have and realize the impact you have on others.											dodo	Bird	To see a dodo bird in you dream represents death.											dodgeball	Unknown	To play dodgeball in your dream parallels a situation in your waking life where you are either on the offensive or on the defensive.											dog	Animal	"To see a dog in your dream symbolizes intuition, loyalty, generosity, protection, and fidelity."	To dream that a dog bites you on the leg suggests that you have lost your ability to balance aspects of your life.	To see a happily barking dog in your dream symbolizes pleasures and social activity.	To see a sick dog in your dream symbolizes a neglected friendship.	To dream that you are feeding a dog means that you are nurturing an old skill or talent.	To see a dog chasing its tail or running around in circles in your dream implies that you are not handling a situation in an effective way.						dog_fight	Unknown	To see or watch a dog fight in your dream implies that you are desperately rejecting an aspect of yourself.											dog_food	Food	To eat dog food in your dream suggests that you need to address some animalistic or primitive thoughts.											dog_house	Building	To see a dog house in your dream suggests that you are in big trouble.											dogwood	Plant	To see a dogwood tree in your dream suggests that you feel the need to be protected or shielded.											doll	Person	To dream that a doll comes to life signifies your desires to be someone else and escape from your present problems and responsibilities.	To see a doll in your dream symbolizes childhood innocence and light-hearted fun.	To dream that you are playing with a doll represents a lack of communication between your conscious and subconscious mind.									dollhouse	Building	To see or play with a dollhouse in your dream suggests that you are idealizing family life.											dolphin	Animal	"To see a dolphin in your dream symbolizes spiritual guidance, intellect, mental attributes and emotional trust."											dome	Structure	To see a dome in your dream signifies spiritual protection and enlightenment.											domesticated	Unknown	To dream of domesticated animals represent qualities and attributes within yourself that you are able to control.											dominatrix	Person	To dream that you are a dominatrix represents your need for power and control.											dominoes	Activity	To see or play dominoes in your dream suggests that your actions are sure to affect those around you.											donation	Event	To dream that you are giving a donation refers to your ability to give love.											donkey	Animal	To see a donkey in your dream represents your stubbornness and unyielding personality.	To dream that you fall off or are thrown from a donkey signifies separation and disharmony in love.	To dream that you are kicked by a donkey suggests that you are afraid of being caught in some illicit activity.	To dream that you are leading a donkey by a halter signifies your leadership abilities.								door	Structure	To dream that you are entering through a door signifies new opportunities that are presented before you.	To see an opened door in your dream symbolizes your receptiveness and willingness to accept new ideas/concepts.	To dream that the door is closed or locked signifies opportunities that are denied and not available to you or that you have missed out on.	To dream that you are locking the door suggests that you are closing yourself off from others.	"To see a castle door in your dream indicates that you have missed a huge and/or profitable opportunity, especially if you are standing outside the castle door."							doorknob	Unknown	To see a doorknob in your dream symbolizes either access or restriction.											doormat	Person	To see a doormat in your dream indicates that you feel others are walking all over you and taking advantage you.											doorway	Place	To see a bricked-up doorway in your dream implies that you are shutting yourself down from the world.											doppelganger	Unknown	To see your own doppelganger in your dream is a reflection of your negative actions.	To dream that you are fighting with your doppelganger means that you are struggling between good and evil and right and wrong.										dormitory	Building	To dream that you are in a dormitory represents the value you place on knowledge and education.											dot	Substance	To see dots in your dream symbolize routine and monotony.											double	Action	To see your own double in your dream suggests that you are attempting to recapture the past and the good old times.											double_date	Unknown	To dream that you are on a double date represents the dualities of your personality - the persona you show to the world and your true Self.											double_decker	Unknown	To see a double decker bus in your dream suggests that you need to consider alternatives to your way of thinking.											double_jointed	Unknown	To dream that you are double jointed refers to how you yield to the needs of others.											dough	Food	"To see or work with dough in your dream signifies potential, possibilities and the ability to create."											dove	Bird	"To dream that doves are mating and building a nest symbolize a joyous home life filled with love, tranquility, pleasure and security."											down	Activity	To dream that you are moving down suggests that you have made a wrong decision or headed toward the wrong direction in life.											down_syndrome	Unknown	To see or dream of a child with down syndrome implies that you are underestimating your own abilities or someone else's.											downtown	Place	To dream that you are in downtown represents your material concerns and possessions.											dowry	Unknown	To dream of a dowry indicates hard work ahead for you.											dozing	Unknown	To dream that you are dozing off suggests that you are letting an opportunity is passing you by if you do not take action.											dracula	Unknown	To dream that you are Dracula implies that you are draining the energy of others.	To see Dracula in your dream suggests that you are being misguided in some area of your waking life.	To dream that Dracula is your father indicates that you feel a disconnect with your own father.									draft	Action	To feel a draft in your dream indicates an external force that is affecting a situation or relationship in your life.											drafted	Unknown	To dream that you have been drafted indicates that the opinions and beliefs of others are being forced upon you.											drafting_compass	Unknown	To see or use a drafting compass in your dream represents your set path.											drag_queen	Unknown	To see or dream that you are a drag queen refers to your over the top attitude.											drag_race	Unknown	"To see or dream that you are in a drag race refers to some situation that you don't really want to be involved in, but feel pressure to prove yourself."											dragon	Animal	To see a dragon in your dream represents your strong will and fiery personality.											dragonfly	Invertebrate	To see a dragonfly in your dream symbolizes change and regeneration.	To dream that you are eating a dragonfly suggests that you are consumed by some sort of passion even at the risk of offending or hurting other's feelings.										drain	Action	To see a drain in your dream signifies your need to release and channel your emotions.	To dream that you are unclogging the drain indicates that you need to remove some obstacle or blockage that is hindering your progress.										drainer	Unknown	To see a drainer in your dream suggests that you are getting rid of your excessive emotions.											drama	Event	To dream that you are in drama class signifies your ability to express your emotions.											drape	Unknown	To dream that you are closing the drapes suggest that you are blocking out external worries and problems.											drawbridge	Structure	To see a drawbridge in your dream represents protection.											drawer	Structure	To see drawers in your dream signify your inner and hidden state and being.											drawing	Action	To dream that you are drawing represents an expression of your latent artistic abilities.											dream_mood	Unknown	To dream of our website Dream Moods indicates the importance you are placing in understanding dreams.											dreamcatcher	Unknown	To see a dreamcatcher in your dream indicates that you are putting up a wall or barrier against the negativity in your life.											dress	Unknown	To see or wear a dress in your dream represents a feminine outlook or feminine perspective on a situation.	To dream that you are wearing a white dress implies that you want to appear pure and angelic toward others.										dress_form	Unknown	To see a dress form in your dream refers to your desires to fit in.											dresser	Person	To see a dresser in your dream represents aspects of yourself that you are hiding.											dressing	Activity	To dream that you are dressing up suggests that you need to be more confident in your abilities and proud of your achievements.											dressing_room	Structure	To dream that you are in a dressing room suggests that you are trying to fit into some new situation or role.											drill	Activity	To see a drill in your dream indicates that you are headed toward a new direction in life.											drinking	Activity	To dream that you are drinking water represents spiritual refreshment.	To dream that you are drinking alcohol denotes that you are seeking either pleasure or escape.										drink	Activity	To drink a beverage in your dream represents your ability to understand and take in a new idea or concept.											dripping	Event	To dream that something is dripping suggests that you are slowly losing your spiritual will.											drive-in	Unknown	To see or dream that you are at a drive-in indicates that you are taking a different life path then you had planned.											drive-thru	Unknown	To dream that you are going through a drive-thru implies that your ambition and drive is getting in the way of your personal relationships.											driver's_license	Unknown	To see your driver's license in your dream suggests that you are facing an identity crisis.	To lose your driver's license in your dream indicates that you have lost your way or direction in life.										driveway	Place	To see or drive up to a driveway in your dream symbolizes an end to your journey.	To see rocks on the driveway refers to a rocky end to some journey.										driving	Activity	To dream that you are driving a vehicle signifies your life's journey and your path in life.	To dream that someone else is driving you represents your dependence on the driver.	To dream that you are driving a cab or bus suggests that menial tasks are providing little opportunities for advancement.	To dream that you are driving a car in reverse suggests that you are experiencing major setbacks in your goals.	To dream that you are driving drunk indicates that your life is out of control.							driving_test	Unknown	To dream that you are taking a driving test suggests that your goals and aspirations are being put to the test.											dromedary	Animal	To see a dromedary in your dream signifies unexpected gains and honor.											drone	Invertebrate	To dream that you are flying or controlling a drone aircraft indicates that you need a new or better vantage point on something.											drooling	Unknown	To dream that you are drooling suggests that you are feeling foolish or embarrassed by some situation.											drought	Unknown	To dream of a drought indicates that you are void of emotions.											drowning	Unknown	To dream that you are drowning indicates that you are feeling overwhelmed by emotions.	To see someone drowning in your dream suggests that you are becoming too deeply involved in something that is beyond your control.	To dream that you rescue someone from drowning indicates that you have successfully acknowledged certain emotions and characteristics that is symbolized by the drowning victim.									drug	Substance	"To dream that you are in possession of or taking drugs signifies your need for a ""quick fix"" or an escape from reality."											drugstore	Structure	To dream that you are in a drugstore signifies a time for healing.											drum	Fish	To dream that you are playing the drums indicate that you progress through life by your own terms.											drunk	Person	To dream that you are drunk suggests that you are acting careless and insensible.											dry_cleaner	Person	To dream that you are at the dry cleaners indicates that you are trying to be more objective in some situation.											dryad	Unknown	"To see a dryad in your dream points to your quiet, soft-spoken persona."											dryer	Unknown	To dream that you are using a dryer suggests that you need to start dealing with your emotions.											drywall	Unknown	To see or install drywall panels in your dream refers to your desires for privacy.											dubai	Place	"To dream of being in Dubai symbolizes commerce, vision, success and imagination."											duck	Bird	To see ducks in your dream represent your spiritual freedom (if flying) or the subconscious (if swimming).	To see a white duck in your dream signifies falsehood and deceit.	To see a two-headed duck in your dream suggests that you need to be more grounded.									duct_tape	Unknown	To see or use duct tape in your dream represents your strong hold or grasp of some situation.											duel	Activity	To dream that you are in a duel signifies internal disagreements or inner conflicts in which you need to find a middle ground.											duet	Activity	To sing in a duet in your dream signifies balance and harmony.											dulcimer	Musical_Instrument	To see a dulcimer in your dream signifies carefree attitudes and a life where your desires will be happily realized.											dumb	Unknown	To dream that you are dumb denotes your inability to persuade others to see your point of view.											dump_truck	Conveyance	To see or drive a dump truck in your dream suggests that you need to get rid of the burden that you have been carrying around with you.											dummy	Person	To see a dummy in your dream indicates that a critical component is lacking in your relationship.											dumpster	Unknown	To dream that you are at a dumpster implies that you may that you are being dumped on.	To dream that you are secretly throwing something away in a dumpster suggests that you are not taking responsibility for something.										dunce	Person	To dream that you are a dunce suggests that you are not thinking through your actions clearly.											dung	Substance	To see cow dung in your dream symbolizes fertility and renewal.											dungeon	Structure	To dream that you are in a dungeon represents your subconscious thoughts and wishes.											dunghill	Unknown	To see a dunghill in your dream indicates that fortune will come from the most unexpected of sources.											durga	Unknown	To see Durga in your dream implies that your problems and difficulties will soon be over.											durian	Food	To see or eat durian in your dream indicates that you should not judge others based on the outside.											dusk	Unknown	"To see the dusk of day in your dream signifies defeated hopes and a dark, gloom outlook in your endeavors."											dust	Substance	To see dust in your dream suggests that certain aspects of yourself have been ignored or neglected.	To dream that you are covered in dust signifies that the failure of others will adversely affect you.	To dream that gold dust is running through your fingers indicates regrets with the ending of some personal relationship.									duvet	Unknown	To see a duvet in your dream symbolizes protection.											dvd	Tool	To watch a DVD in your dream indicates that you need to stop and relax.											dwarf	Person	To see a dwarf in your dream suggests that you are well-grounded and connected to nature and the earth.											dying	Unknown	To dream about the death of a loved one suggests that you are lacking a certain aspect or quality that the loved one embodies.	To dream that you are faking your own death suggests that you are looking for a new start.	To have a near death experience in your dream implies that you are experience a relapse of sorts.	"To dream that you die in your dream symbolizes inner changes, transformation, self-discovery and positive development that is happening within you or your life."								dynamite	Substance	To see dynamite in your dream symbolizes danger.											eagle	Bird	To see a nest of young eagles in your dream represents your achievements and your climb to the top of the social ladder.											earplugs	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing or putting on earplugs suggests that there is something that you are refusing to hear or believe.											earring	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is wearing earrings suggests that you need to listen more carefully and pay attention to a message that someone is conveying to you.	To see broken earrings in your dreams suggests that someone is talking about you.	To dream that you are buying earrings represents your desire for acceptance and affection.									ear	Body_Part	To see ears in your dreams suggest that you need to be more responsive or receptive to guidance and assistance from others.	To dream that you are cleaning wax from your ears suggests that you are not listening to those around you.	To dream that your ears are getting red symbolizes shame or guilt.	To dream that you are getting your ears pierced represents some stinging remarks or insults.								earth	Place	"To notice the earth in your dream indicates that you need to be ""grounded"" and realistic."	To dream that you can bend the earth signifies your ability to control your actions and react at a precise or optimal moment.	To see the planet Earth in your dream signifies wholeness and global consciousness.									earthquake	Unknown	"To dream of an earthquake suggests that you are experiencing a major ""shake-up"" that is threatening your stability and foundation."											earthworm	Invertebrate	To see an earthworm in your dream indicates that you need to go deep into your subconscious in order to unearth your hidden feelings and desires.											earwax	Substance	To dream that you have excessive earwax suggests that there is something you are refusing to hear.											earwig	Invertebrate	To see an earwig in your dream signifies unpleasant news that will affect both your professional and family spheres.											east	Place	"To dream that you are headed east represents inner wisdom, rejuvenation, and spiritual enlightenment."											easter	Unknown	To dream about Easter suggests that the worst of your problems are over.											eating	Unknown	"To dream that you are eating alone signifies loss, loneliness, and depression."	"To dream that you are eating with others signifies harmony, intimacy, merriness, prosperous undertakings, personal gain, and/or joyous spirits."	To dream that you are overeating or not eating enough signifies a lack of spirituality and fulfillment in your waking life.	To dream that someone clears away the food before you finish eating foretells that you will have problems and issues from those beneath you or dependent upon you.								eating_contest	Unknown	To dream that you are in an eating contest suggests that you are lacking a social life.											eavesdropping	Unknown	To dream that you are eavesdropping signifies the coming of bad news.											ebony	Plant	"To dream that something is made of ebony represents mystery, richness, smoothness."											echo	Event	To hear or make an echo in your dream symbolizes your need to repeat yourself in order to be heard and for others to believe you.											eclipse	Event	To dream of an eclipse of the sun indicates self-doubt and fears of not achieving your goals.	To see the eclipse of the moon in your dream signifies that your feminine side is being overshadowed.	To dream that the eclipse has passed symbolizes new light and knowledge.									ecstasy	Substance	"To dream of feeling ecstasy indicates that you will experience much happiness and joy, especially amongst family and friends."											editor	Person	To dream that you are an editor implies that you are censoring yourself and watching what you say.											education	Activity	To dream about your education symbolizes your desire for knowledge.											eel	Fish	To see an eel in your dream indicates that you have issues with commitment.											egg	Body_Part	"To see or eat eggs in your dream symbolize fertility, birth and your creative potential."	"To find a nest filled with eggs in your dream signify some financial gain; the more abundant and bigger the eggs, the more significant the gain."	To see cracked or broken eggs in your dream represent feelings of vulnerability or a fragile state in your life.	To see bright colored eggs in your dream symbolizes celebration of a happy event.	To dream of rotten eggs signify loss.	To see fish eggs in your dream represent an idea that has emerged from your subconscious.						eggshell	Unknown	To see eggshells in your dream symbolize your fragile or vulnerable state of mind.											egret	Bird	To see an egret in your dream refers to some codependent relationship.											egypt	Place	To dream of Egypt indicates the roots and core of your own emotions and spirituality.											eiffel_tower	Structure	To see the Eiffel Tower in your dream symbolizes strength and longevity.											eight_ball	Unknown	To see the eight ball in your dream indicates that you tend to leave things to chance or fate.											elderberries	Unknown	To see elderberries in your dream symbolize domestic bliss and comfort.											elderly	Unknown	To see an elderly person in your dream represents wisdom or spiritual power.											election	Action	To dream that you are at an election represents a choice that you need to make which may affect others.											electric_blanket	Unknown	To see an electric blanket in your dream indicates that you need to conserve your energy and get some much needed rest.											electric_chair	Tool	To see an electric chair in your dream indicates a sudden end to something in your life.											electric_fence	Unknown	To see an electric fence in your dream indicates that anger has caused you to isolate yourself from everyone else.											electric_guitar	Musical_Instrument	To see or play an electric guitar in your dream signifies the power and strength of your passions.											electric_saw	Unknown	To see an electric saw in your dream signifies your ability to get down to the core of the problem.											electricity	Unknown	To dream of electricity symbolizes vigor and life energy.	To dream that the electricity is fried or out indicates your lack of insight and perspective on a situation.										electricity_tower	Unknown	To see an electricity tower in your dream symbolizes a distribution of power.											electrocution	Action	To dream of an electrocution indicates that the current course of your actions will lead to disaster.											elephant	Animal	To see an elephant in your dream indicates that you need to be more patient or more understanding of others.	To dream that you are riding an elephant indicates that you are in control of your subconscious and aspects that you were once afraid of.	To dream that you are afraid of the elephant suggests that there is an enormous problem that you are afraid to confront.	To dream that you are an elephant suggests that you need to make your opinions and views known.								elevator	Tool	To dream that you are ascending in an elevator represents a rise to status and wealth.											eleventh_hour	Unknown	To dream of the eleventh hour signifies that time is running out for you.											elf	Unknown	To see an elf in your dream refers to some imbalance and disharmony in your life.											elimination	Action	To dream that you have a bowel movement signifies that you are successfully getting rid of your old habits/ways and thinking patterns.	To dream that you have a bowel movement in a public place suggests that you are expressing regret about something that you said.										elk	Animal	To see an elk in your dream symbolizes strength and endurance.											elm	Plant	"To see an elm tree in your dream indicates death, misfortune, and bad luck."											eloquent	Unknown	To dream that you are eloquent signifies your readiness for an upcoming task or event.											email	Event	To dream about email indicates that you need to reach out to people who may not necessarily always physically be around.											embankment	Structure	To see or drive along an embankment in your dream signifies the threat of trouble and unhappiness.											emblem	Unknown	To see an emblem in your dream represents your cultural ties and ancestral links.											embryo	Animal	To dream of an embryo symbolizes the emergence of a fresh idea.											emerald	Substance	"To see an emerald in your dream represents strength, longevity, immortality, faithfulness, durability, and fertility."											emergency	Tool	To dream of an emergency indicates that there is a urgent matter that needs your immediate attention.											emergency_room	Structure	To dream that you are in an emergency room implies that your current lifestyle is doing you harm.											emery_board	Unknown	To see an emery board in your dream suggests that you need to smooth out the rough edges of your personality or your relationship with others.											emotionless	Unknown	To dream that you are emotionless suggests that you are closing yourself off from those around you.											emperor	Invertebrate	To see an emperor in your dream represents completion and creativity.											employee	Person	To see an employee in your dream symbolizes your waking relationship with them.	To dream that you have a new employee indicates that you are discovering a new aspect of yourself.										employment	Activity	To dream of your employment suggests that your talents are being utilized.											empress	Person	"To see an empress in your dream represents power honor, influence, pride and status."											emptiness	Place	To dream of emptiness suggests that there is something missing or lacking in your life.											emu	Bird	To see an emu in your dream implies that you are emotionally resilient.											enchantress	Person	To see an enchantress in your dream symbolizes feminine power and the ability to influence and persuade.											enclosure	Action	To dream that you are in an enclosure indicates that you are in defensive mode.	To dream that you are in an enclosure that is shrinking indicates that you feel restrained and confined in some circumstance.	To dream that you are in an enclosure made of glass suggests that you are too critical about a person or situation.									end	Activity	To dream of an end to something represents an achievement or goal that has been reached.											end_credit	Unknown	To see the end credits of a movie or show in your dream represents recognition for your work.	To see your name in the end credits in your dream symbolizes your confidence in your own ability.										enemy	Person	To see your enemy in your dream represents opposing ideas and contradictory attitudes.	To dream that you are dealing with an enemy represents a resolution to some inner conflict or waking life problem.										energy	Unknown	"To dream that you are energetic symbolizes growth, activity, expansion and insight."											engagement_ring	Unknown	To dream about an engagement ring implies that you are thinking about some long term commitment and marriage.											engine	Machine	To see an engine in your dream represents your heart and its power.	To dream that you engine is blown or disabled indicates that you have been betrayed.										engineer	Person	To see an engineer in your dream suggests that you are taking charge of your life.											engineering	Activity	To dream of engineering represents your ability to create and to manipulate the external world.											england	Place	To dream that you are in England signifies renewal and fertility.											entertainment	Activity	To see some form of entertainment in your dream suggests that you are putting an aspect of your life on display.											entrails	Body_Part	To see yours or someone else's entrails represent despair and hopelessness.	To dream that you tear out someone's entrails signify your own cruel intents to further your own interest and gain.	To see the entrails of an animal denote defeat over your adversaries.									entrance	Action	To dream that you are entering through a door signifies new opportunities that are presented before you.	To see an opened door in your dream symbolizes your receptiveness and willingness to accept new ideas/concepts.	To dream that the door is closed or locked signifies opportunities that are denied and not available to you or that you have missed out on.	To dream that you are locking the door suggests that you are closing yourself off from others.	"To see a castle door in your dream indicates that you have missed a huge and/or profitable opportunity, especially if you are standing outside the castle door."							envelope	Unknown	To see an envelope in your dream signifies anticipation or opportunity.											environment	Place	"To dream about the environment symbolizes freedom, tranquility, and renewal."											epicure	Person	To dream that you are an epicure reflects your fine and high-end taste.											epidemic	Event	To dream of an epidemic signifies worries of bothersome tasks.											epilepsy	Illness	To dream that you have epilepsy suggests that you are suppressing your feelings.											equal_sign	Unknown	To see the equal sign in your dream represents balance and symmetry.											equator	Place	To dream about the equator indicates the search for Self.											eraser	Tool	To see or use an eraser in your dream suggests that you need to clear up some mistakes that you have made.											erection	Activity	To dream that you have an erection symbolizes your creative power and energy.											ermine	Animal	"To wear an ermine in your dream symbolizes wealth, luxury and greed."	To see others wearing ermine represents your associations with wealthy people.										erosion	Unknown	To dream about erosion refers to a situation or relationship that is wearing away.											erotica	Activity	To dream of erotica represents your sexual desires and your sexual appetite.											errand	Action	To dream that you are running errands indicates that you are stuck in a rut.											eruption	Event	To see an eruption in your dream signifies a forceful and jolting outpour of repressed thoughts or urges.											escalator	Place	To see an escalator in your dream indicates movement between various levels of consciousness.	To dream that you or someone is going up the downside of the escalator implies that you are not confronting your emotions in an effective manner.										escape	Action	To dream that you escape from jail or some place of confinement signifies your need to escape from a restrictive situation or attitude.	"To dream that you escape from injury from an animal, or from any situation, signifies your good health and prosperity."										eskimo	Person	To see an Eskimo in your dream represents your cold and frigid feelings.											esp	Unknown	To dream that you have ESP suggests that you need to pay more attention to your intuition or gut feeling.											espresso	Food	To make or drink espresso in your dream signifies your need to react quickly.											essay	Activity	To dream that you are writing an essay suggests that you need to think things through before acting on them.	To see or read an essay in your dream represents some deadline or anxiety over an issue.										estate	Unknown	To dream that you become an owner of an estate suggests that you cannot rely on others for your sense of security.											estranged	Unknown	To dream of someone who you are estranged from signifies your desire to rebuild a connection or relationship with this person.											eucalyptus	Plant	To see a eucalyptus in your dream represents protection and the need to feel protected.											eulogy	Unknown	To dream that you are giving a eulogy suggests that there is some repressed thoughts that you need to verbalize.	To listen to a eulogy in your dream indicates that you are learning to express your feelings.										eunuch	Person	To see a eunuch in your dream indicates your fears of sex.	To dream that you are a eunuch refers to fears of losing your virility.										euthanasia	Action	To dream of euthanasia suggests that you are ready to rid yourself of certain old habits and behavior.											evacuation	Action	To dream of an evacuation suggests that you are isolating yourself and holding back your emotions.											eve	Person	To see Eve in your dream signifies opposition in your social and business circles.	To dream that you impersonate Eve indicates you to be careful when it comes to the persuasions of the opposites sex.										even_number	Unknown	To see even numbers in your dream signify balance or symmetry in your life.											evening	Unknown	"To dream that it is evening denotes the end of a cycle, aging or death."											evening_gown	Unknown	"To see or wear an evening gown in your dream represents enjoyment, social pleasures, grace and culture."											evergreen	Plant	"To see evergreen trees in your dream signify wealth, happiness, immortality, high aspirations, and knowledge."											evil	Activity	To dream that someone or something is evil denotes a repressed and/or forbidden aspect of yourself.											ex	Person	"To dream about your ex-boyfriend/girlfriend or ex-husband/wife, that you and your ex are kissing/fighting or that you and your ex got back together again suggests that something or someone in your current life is bringing out similar feelings you felt during that relationship with your ex."											ex-boyfriend	Unknown	"To see an old ex-boyfriend from childhood in your dream refers to a freer, less encumbered relationship."	To dream that your ex-boyfriend is giving you advice about your current relationship suggests that your subconscious is telling you not to repeat the same mistakes that you had made with this ex-boyfriend.	To dream that you are being massaged by your ex-boyfriend suggests that you need to let go of some of that defensiveness that you have been putting forth as a result of a past relationship.	To dream that your ex-boyfriend is giving you a ring or proposing to you implies that your relationship with him made you feel whole and complete.	To dream that your ex-boyfriend gives you a stuffed animal suggests that you are seeking for reassuring and nurturing aspects of a relationship.	To dream that your ex-boyfriend is admitted into the hospital means that you are still dealing with the break-up.	To dream that you are kidnapped by your ex-boyfriend suggests that your ex still has some sort of emotional hold on you.					ex-friend	Unknown	To dream of an ex-friend suggests that an object or a recent incident has subconsciously reminded you of her or him.											ex-girlfriend	Unknown	To dream that your ex-girlfriend is pregnant depends if the baby is yours or not.											exam	Event	"To dream that you are taking an exam signifies insecurities, fear of not meeting others' expectations, and fear of failure."											excavator	Machine	To see or drive an excavator in your dream indicates that you are ready to delve into your subconscious and confront the issues that is holding you back.											excitement	Action	To be particularly excited in your dream implies that you are lacking excitement in your waking life.											exclamation_point	Unknown	"To see an exclamation point in your dream symbolizes excitement, vigor, surprise or disbelief."											exclude	Unknown	To dream that you are excluded or feel excluded represents feelings of rejection or not fitting into a group.											execution	Action	To see an execution in your dream suggests that there is something or someone you need to cut out from your life.	To dream of your own execution indicates that you are harboring some strong guilt.										executive	Person	To dream that you are an executive of a corporation represents your desires for upward job mobility.											exercise	Activity	To dream that you are exercising signifies your worries about your health.											exhibit	Activity	To dream that you are at an exhibit suggests that you need to take a closer look at the various aspects of your life.											exit	Action	To see an exit in your dream indicates that you are looking for a way out of a waking situation.											expedition	Action	To dream that you are on an expedition indicates that you are going on an emotional journey where you do not know where it ends.											expelled	Unknown	To dream that you are expelled represents rejection.											experiment	Activity	To dream that you are working on an experiment suggests that you need to be more daring and try something new and different.	To dream that you are being experimented on or that you are used as an experiment means that you are feeling completely helpless in some area of your life.										expert	Person	To dream that you are an expert at something represents your self confidence and high self esteem.											expiration	Event	To dream that there is an expiration on something indicates that time has run for you on some project or opportunity.											explosion	Action	To dream that your face becomes blackened or mutilated by the explosion indicates that will be confronted with unjust accusations.	To dream that you are enveloped in flames or blown up into the air by an explosion suggests that you are being taken advantage of in some situation.										extension_cord	Tool	To see an extension cord in your dream suggests that you need to associate yourself with energetic people.											exterminator	Person	To see or call an exterminator in your dream indicates that you need to cut off ties from those who try to pull you down.	To dream that you are an exterminator suggests that you need to confront your weakness and stand up to the challenges ahead.										extraterrestrial	Unknown	To dream of an extraterrestrial being or place represents your far-fetched ideas and wild imagination.											eye_contact	Action	"To dream that your are making eye contact with someone highlights your confidence, allure and desirability."											eye_drop	Unknown	To dream that you are using eye drops suggests that you are seeking clarity in some situation.											eye_of_providence	Unknown	"To dream of the eye of providence or the all-seeing eye represents enlightenment, spiritual awareness ,and new understanding."											eye_mask	Unknown	To see or wear an eye mask in your dream symbolizes ignorance.											eye_patch	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing an eye patch indicates that you are one-sided in your views and in your thinking.											eye_shadow	Unknown	To dream that you are putting on eye shadow suggests that you are trying to create an air of mystery.	To dream that your eye shadow is overdone or that the colors are strange means that you may are being overly dramatic about a situation.										eyebrow	Unknown	"To notice eyebrows in your dream represent expressions of amazement, disbelief, surprise, or doubt."	To dream that you have no eyebrows suggests that you are lacking emotions.										eyeglasses	Tool	To dream that you are wearing eyeglasses and you do not normally wear them suggests that you need a clearer view on a situation.	To see broken eyeglasses in your dream indicates that your vision and perception is impaired.	To see or wear 3D eyeglasses in your dream means that you need to look at some problem or something from a new perspective.									eyelash	Unknown	To notice your eyelashes or dream that they are growing indicates that you are trying to express yourself in some subtle or covert way.	To dream that all your eyelashes fall off suggests that you are having difficulties expressing yourself.										eyelid	Body_Part	To dream that your eyelid falls off means that you are unable to block out the negativity in your life.											eyeliner	Unknown	To dream that you are putting on eyeliner indicates that there is something that you need to focus your attention on.											eye	Body_Part	"To see your own eyes in your dream represent enlightenment, knowledge, comprehension, understanding, and intellectual awareness."	To dream that you are washing your eyes means that you are confused about something and are looking for clarity to some problem or situation.	To dream that your eyes are injured or closed suggests your refusal to see the truth about something or the avoidance of intimacy.	To dream that you have crossed eyes denotes that you are not seeing straight with regards to some situation.	To dream that you are rolling your eyes at someone indicates that you are disinterested in this person and what they have to say.	To dream that your eyes are bleeding symbolizes the sacrifices your have made and the difficulties you have endured.	To notice someone else's eyes in your dream indicates an emotional or intimate connection with that person.					eyesight	Unknown	To dream that your eyesight is blurred or impaired represents difficulties and/or errors in your judgment.											fable	Unknown	To dream of reading fables represent your literary mind and romantic notions.	To dream that you are living a fable symbolizes your need to face reality.										fabric	Unknown	To see reams of fabric in your dream signify creativity.											face	Body_Part	To see your own face in your dream represents the persona you show to the world as oppose to the real you.	To dream that your face is flawed or pimply symbolizes erupting emotions.	To dream that your face or someone's face is cracking indicates some deception or big lie.	To dream that you are washing your face suggests that you need to come clean about some matter.	To dream that your face warps into a bubble indicates that you are not expressing your feelings enough.							face_paint	Unknown	To dream that you are getting your face painted indicates that you are having trouble expressing and verbalizing your feelings.											facebook	Unknown	To dream about your Facebook page represents your desires to expand your social circle.											faceless	Unknown	To see a faceless figure or person in your dream indicates that you are still searching for your own identity and finding out who you are.											facelift	Action	To dream that you have a facelift suggests that you are seeking a new self-identity and self-image.											facial	Activity	To dream that you are getting a facial indicates that you are feeling guilty about something.											factory	Structure	To dream that you are at a factory represents repetitious thinking and an old way of doing things.											failure	Event	To dream of failure signifies fears of inadequacy and low self-esteem.	To dream that your business is a failure signifies bad management.										fainting	Unknown	To dream that you are fainting suggests your inability to confront some subconscious issues or feelings.											fair	Activity	To dream that you are at the fair suggests that you may be regressing into your childhood where times were simpler.											fairy	Person	"To see a fairy in your dream indicates that you are in search of some help or advice for a problem or decision, but may not want to directly admit you need help."											fairy_tale	Unknown	To dream that you are a character in a fairy tale suggests your need to be rescued or to be swept off your feet.	To dream that you are reading a fairy tale indicates that you are a romantic at heart.										faithless	Unknown	"To dream that you are cheating on your spouse mate, fiance, or significant other suggests feelings of self-guilt and self-betrayal."	"To dream that your mate, spouse, or significant other is cheating on you indicates your fears of being abandoned."	To dream that you are cheating at a game suggests that you are not being honest with yourself.									fake	Action	To dream that something or someone is fake suggests that you are pretending to be someone you are not.											fakir	Person	To see a fakir in your dream indicates phenomenal change in your life.											falcon	Bird	To see a falcon in your dream suggests that you are focused in your goals and aspirations.											fall	Event	To dream that you fall and are not frightened signifies that you will overcome your adversities with ease.	"To dream that you fall and are frightened indicates a lack of control, insecurity, and/or lack of support in your waking life."										false_tooth	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing false teeth indicates that you are not being completely honest in some waking matter.	To see or dream that others are wearing false teeth suggests that someone in your life is not who they say they are.										fame	Unknown	To dream that you have fame denotes unrealized achievements or failed aspirations.											family	Person	"To see your own family in your dream represents security, warmth and love."	To see someone else's family in your dream symbolizes togetherness.										famine	Event	To dream of famine signifies a negative turn in business and in health.	To see others in famine signifies your sympathy toward others.	To dream that you are feeding people in a famine area indicates your ability to offer love to others.									fan	Tool	To see a fan in your dream refers to the changes in your life.											fang	Body_Part	To see fangs in your dream indicate that you have said some words that have been hurtful to others.											fantasy	Unknown	To dream of a fantasy world may be a way for your mind to highlight what is normal.											far	Unknown	To see something or someone far away in your dream suggests that you are feeling emotionally distant from that person or what that something means to you.											fare	Food	To dream that you are paying a fare represents the price you need to pay for success.											farewell	Action	To dream that you are saying farewell signifies an end to some relationship or phase in your life.											farm	Place	To see or live on a farm in your dream suggests that you need to develop an aspect of yourself and utilize your potential.											farmer	Person	To see or dream that you are a farmer points to your productivity.											farmer's_market	Structure	To dream that you are at a farmer's market suggests that you are looking for spiritual enrichment from a higher source.											farsighted	Unknown	To dream that you are farsighted suggests that you are overlooking the little details needed to obtain your goals.											farting	Unknown	To dream that you are farting suggests that you are being passive aggressive.											fashion	Activity	To dream about fashion suggests that you are depending too much on your looks to get your way.											fast_food	Food	To see or eat fast food in your dream indicates that you are not taking the time to cater to your emotions.											fasting	Activity	To dream that you are fasting represents self-renewal and self-cleansing.											fat	Body_Part	To dream that you are fat signifies a fortunate change in your life.	To dream that others are fat signifies prosperity.										fate	Event	To dream about your fate suggests that you are unwilling to take responsibility for your actions.											father	Person	To see your father in your dream symbolizes authority and protection.	To dream that your father is dead forewarns that you need to proceed with caution in conducting some business matter.	To see your father wrapped in bandages from head to toe suggests that you are feeling restricted or limited with your authority.	To dream that you are hitting your father represents a desperate need for greater closeness with your father.	To dream that your father is angry at you indicates that you are doing something that he may disapprove.	"To dream that your father has a girlfriend or mistress, even though he is still married to your mother implies that you are feeling disconnected with one of your parents."						father-in-law	Person	To see your father-in-law in your dream refers to your conscience and your rational side.											fatigue	Activity	To feel fatigue or see others fatigued in your dream suggests that a relationship is worn out and near its ending point.											faucet	Tool	To see a faucet in your dream signifies control of your emotions.	To dream that you cannot turn the faucet on or that no water comes out of the faucet indicates that you need to be more careful when offering emotional support as your may be overextending yourself.	To see a leaky or dripping faucet in your dream represents sexual issues and problems.									faun	Unknown	To see a faun in your dream symbolizes mischief.											favor	Action	To dream that you are asking for a favor indicates you need to let go of your pride and seek help when you need it.	To dream that you are granting a favor represents your compassion and your consideration of others.										fawn	Animal	To see a fawn in your dream symbolizes true friends and faithfulness in love.											fax_machine	Unknown	To see or use a fax machine in your dream indicates that you are receiving some message from your subconscious.											fbi	Unknown	To dream that the FBI is after you indicates feelings of guilt.	To dream that you are an FBI agent signifies your strong sense of morality and integrity.										fear	Unknown	To dream that you feel fear indicates that your achievements will not be as successful as you had anticipated.											feast	Event	To see a feast in your dream denotes your emotional needs or sexual appetite.	To arrive late to a feast signifies of a bothersome event that will occupy your mind.										feather	Action	"To dream of a feather floating in the air signifies a life of ease, comfort, warmth and of financial gains."	To see a feather in you dream symbolizes warmth.										feather_duster	Unknown	To see or use a feather duster in your dream indicates that you are uncovering some unused talent.											february	Unknown	"To dream of the month of February signifies sadness, gloom and ill health."											feces	Substance	To see or come in contact with feces signifies aspects of yourself that are dirty and negative and which you believe to be undesirable and repulsive.	To dream that you are unable to dispose of the feces suggests that you are unwilling to let go of your emotions.										fedora	Unknown	To wear a fedora hat in your dream symbolizes coolness.											feeble	Unknown	To dream that you are feeble indicates that you are feeling emotionally drained and stressed.											feeding	Activity	To dream that you are feeding someone indicates that someone in your life is in need of love and acceptance.											feet	Unknown	"To see your own feet in your dream symbolizes your foundation, stability and sense of understanding."	To dream that you are washing your feet indicates that others can easily take advantage of you.	To dream that you have smelly feet implies that you need to be careful about your next step.	To see only the feet being chased in your dream suggests that you are letting others determine where you go or decide on your goals.								fence	Structure	To see a fence in your dream signifies an obstacle or barrier that may be standing on your path.	To dream that you are climbing to the top of a fence denotes success.	To dream that you are building a fence suggests that you are building a solid foundation for success.	To dream that you fall from a fence denotes that you are in way over your head in regards to some project which you are dealing with.	To see a fence in the water symbolizes an emotional barrier that you are building up around you.							fencing	Action	To dream that you are fencing suggests that you are at odds with someone in your waking life.											fender	Tool	To dream that your fender is dented indicates that someone is trying to attack your character and break your pride.	To dream that you dent someone else's fender suggests that you need to be more accepting and less critical of others.										feng_shui	Unknown	"To dream about feng shui represents your search for spiritual balance, understanding and harmony."											fennel	Food	To see fennel in your dream represents clarity.											fern	Plant	To see ferns in your dream symbolize your future hopes and fears.											ferret	Animal	To see a ferret in your dream symbolizes distrust and suspicion of others.											ferry	Event	To dream that you are riding on a ferry indicates that you are going through some transitional phases in your life.	To dream that you are waiting for a ferry signifies unforeseen circumstances might hinder your desires and wishes.										fertilizer	Substance	To see or use fertilizer in your dream refers to your growth.											festival	Activity	"To dream that you are at festival symbolizes happiness, celebration and joviality."											fetus	Animal	To see a fetus in your dream symbolizes a newly developing relationship or idea in your waking life.											feud	Event	To dream that you are in the middle of a feud suggests that aspects of your personality are in conflict.											fever	Illness	To dream that you have a fever suggests that feelings of anger or hatred are threatening to come to your consciousness.											fez	Place	"To see or wear a fez in your dream signifies leisurely pursuits, ease and relaxation."											fictional_character	Unknown	To see a fictional character in your dream implies that you are trying to escape from your own reality.											fiddle	Musical_Instrument	To see a fiddle in your dream signifies harmony in the home.											field_trip	Action	To dream that you are on a field trip indicates that you need to incorporate what you have learned with your experiences.											fiend	Person	To see a fiend in your dream indicates that you need to confront your own demons and dark past.											fife	Musical_Instrument	To hear the sound of a fife signifies that you will be unexpected call on to defend your honor.	To dream that you are playing a fife suggests that your strong reputation will remain intact.										fig_leaf	Unknown	To see a fig leaf in your dream represents a loss of innocence or a fall from grace.											fighter_jet	Unknown	To see or dream that you are in a fighter jet indicates that you are involved in some fast pace project.											fighting	Event	To dream that you are in a fight indicates inner turmoil.	To see others fighting in your dream suggests that you are unwilling to acknowledge your own problems and turmoil.										fig	Food	To see or eat figs in your dream represent a positive turn of events.											figurehead	Person	To see the figurehead of a ship in your dream suggests that you are seeking protection for your emotional well being.											figurines	Unknown	To see figurines in your dream indicate that you are underestimating your own abilities and in yourself.											file_cabinet	Unknown	To see a file cabinet in your dream suggests that you need to keep your facts and information straight.	"To dream that the drawers of the file cabinet are wide open denotes your openness toward other viewpoints, opinions, suggestions, and criticism."	To dream that the file cabinet is locked indicates that there is something that you do not want revealed to others.									file_cart	Unknown	To see or use a file cart in your dream represents your inescapable responsibilities.											filling	Action	To dream that you are filling something indicates that you are replenishing your energies.											film	Event	To dream that you are watching a film signifies that you are analyzing yourself and your own thoughts from an objective view.	"To dream that you are developing or exposing film refers to a ""developing"" relationship or situation."										filter	Tool	To see or use a filter in your dream implies that you need to be more cautious in how you express yourself.											finance	Event	To dream about your finances signify concerns with money or your worries over your limited resources.											finch	Bird	To see a finch in your dream means that you are being underestimated based on your appearance or size.											find	Action	To dream that you find something suggests that you are coming into contact with some aspect of your psyche or subconscious.											fingernail	Body_Part	To notice your fingernails in your dream indicate that your defenses are up.	To dream that you are polishing your fingernails represent glamour.	To dream that your fingernails are growing rapidly refer to your desires to reach out to someone.	To dream that a man has long red fingernails suggest that he is very in touch with his sensitivity and emotions.								fingerprint	Unknown	To see someone else's fingerprints in your dream suggest that you are suspicious about something or someone.											finger	Body_Part	To see your fingers in you dream symbolize physical and mental dexterity.	To dream that your fingers are injured or have been chopped off denote your anxieties about your ability to accomplish some demanding task or perform in some waking situation.										finish	Action	To dream that you finish something represents completion and achievement of your goals.											finish_line	Place	To see the finish line in your dream means that your goals are within grasp.											fir	Plant	To see a fir tree in your dream indicates your need for clarity in some situation.											fire_drill	Activity	To dream of a fire drill represents something where you need to devote more attention to.											fire_eater	Unknown	To see or dream that you are a fire eater indicates that you are able to keep your anger and aggression under control.											fire_escape	Place	To see or use a fire escape in your dream suggests that you need to distance yourself from a harmful situation.											fire_extinguisher	Tool	To see or use a fire extinguisher in your dream suggests that you are trying to get your emotions under control.											fireball	Person	To see a fireball in your dream symbolizes some self-destructive force.											firebrand	Person	To see a firebrand in your dream symbolizes burning passion or some expressed anger.											firecracker	Substance	To see a firecracker in your dream represents your outbursts.	To light a firecracker in your dream suggests that you are trying to divert the negativity and bad karma away from you.										fired	Unknown	To dream that you are fired from your job indicates that you are wanting to end some relationship or situation in your waking life.											firefly	Invertebrate	To see a firefly in your dream represents bright ideas that are coming out of your subconscious.											fireman_pole	Unknown	To see or slide down a fireman pole in your dream represents dependability and security.											fireplace	Unknown	"To see a lit fireplace in your dream symbolizes contentment, warmth, and comfort."	To dream of lighting or stirring a fireplace suggests a burning a desire.	"To see an unlit fireplace is indicative of low energy, disinterest, or disheartenment."									firework	Substance	"To see fireworks in your dream symbolizes enthusiasm, creativity, and talent."											first_lady	Person	To see the first lady in your dream represents poise and grace.											fish	Fish	To see fish swimming in your dream signifies insights from your subconscious mind.	"To dream that you are eating fish symbolizes your beliefs, spirituality, luck, energy and nourishment."	To dream of cooking fish indicates that you are incorporating your new realizations with your spiritual feelings and knowledge.	To dream that you are cleaning fish suggests that you are altering your emotional expression in a way that will be presentable to others.	"To see fish bones in your dream refers to old insights, thoughts or views that have already been brought to light."	To dream that a small fish is attacking a bigger fish implies that you should not underestimate someone's ability because of their size.	To dream that an unusually large fish is attacking you suggests that you are avoiding some emotional issue that is growing into a huge problem.					fish_market	Unknown	To dream that you go to a fish market signifies pleasure and joy.	To see decayed and rotting fish at the fish market denotes distress that will come in the disguise of happiness.										fish_tank	Unknown	To see or clean a fish tank in your dream indicates how you have full control of your emotions.											fisherman	Person	To see a fisherman in your dream suggests that you are trying to catch or look for something in your waking life.											fishhooks	Unknown	To see fishhooks in your dream refer to an idea or concept that you need to grasp.	To dream that you have fishhooks embedded into your scalp refers to your past relationships.										fishing	Activity	To dream that you are fishing indicates that you are confronting and bringing your repressed emotions to the surface.											fishing_rod	Tool	To see a fishing rod in your dream represents your quest and exploration of your subconscious mind.											fishnet	Tool	To see a fishnet in your dream indicates a fear of being found out or caught in the act.											fishnet_stocking	Unknown	"To see or wear fishnet stockings in your dream symbolizes sexiness, lust, and allure."											fishpond	Unknown	To see a fishpond in your dream represents subconscious material that is slowly revealing itself.											fist	Body_Part	"To see a fist in your dream symbolizes anger, power and aggression."											fit	Activity	To see others throwing fits denotes unpleasantness and coldness amongst your social and/or business circle.											fitting_room	Unknown	To dream that you are in a dressing room suggests that you are trying to fit into some new situation or role.											flag	Body_Part	To see your national flag in your dream signifies peace and/or prosperity.	To wave a flag in your dream symbolizes a warning or distress signal of sorts.	To see a flag at half mast in your dream indicates that you are mourning.									flagpole	Tool	To see a flagpole in your dream represents a sense of stability in your life.											flame	Unknown	To see a flame in your dream symbolizes purification.											flamenco	Activity	To dream that you are dancing the flamenco represents passion and enthusiasm for life.											flamingo	Bird	To see a flamingo in your dream represents you sense of community and cooperation.											flannel	Unknown	"To see or wear flannel in your dream represents comfort, relaxation and warmth."											flasher	Tool	To see a flasher in your dream suggests that you are experiencing frustrations in your sex life.											flashlight	Tool	To see a flashlight in your dream suggests that you are questioning certain issues about yourself.											flashmob	Unknown	To see a flashmob in your dream symbolizes unity and cooperation.	To dream that you are part of a flashmob represents your need to belong.										flattery	Unknown	To dream that you are giving a compliment suggests that you need to be steadfast and not let others question your authority and position on things.											flax	Plant	To see flax in your dream signifies prosperity.											flea_market	Structure	To dream that you are at a flea market suggests that you are feeling undervalued or under-appreciated.											flea	Invertebrate	To see fleas in your dream signify that you will be provoked into anger and manipulated into retaliation by someone close to you.	To dream that fleas bite you signify that vicious rumors by false friends will slander your character.										fleece	Substance	To see fleece in your dream symbolizes a sense of security.											flesh	Body_Part	To notice your flesh in your dream represents a heightened sense of feeling and vitality.	To dream of flesh being eaten suggests that you are under tremendous stress and feel drained.										fleet	Unknown	"To see a large, rapidly moving fleet in your dream signifies a hasty change in the business market."											fleur_de_lis	Unknown	To see a fleur de lis in your dream symbolizes spiritual power and control.											fly	Action	"To see flies in your dream symbolize filth and dirtiness, either physical or emotional."	To dream that you kill or exterminate the flies indicate that you will redeem yourself and regain your honor after your fall from grace.										flight	Action	To dream of an airline flight symbolizes a project that is about to take off.	To dream that you miss your flight or a connection or that it was cancelled indicates that you are feeling helpless and trapped by some situation.	To dream of flight signifies a new sense of freedom where you had previously felt restricted and limited.									flight_attendant	Person	To see a flight attendant in your dream indicates travel plans in your future.	To dream that you are a flight attendant represents a new project that you need to take care of.										flint	Place	"To see flint in your dream symbolizes endurance, durability, livelihood and longevity."											flipper	Body_Part	To wear flippers in your dream indicates that you are moving quickly and effectively through some old emotional issues.											flip_flop	Unknown	To see or wear flip flops in your dream indicate that you are feeling relaxed and at ease.											flirting	Activity	To dream that you are flirting or that someone is flirting with you represents your need for intimacy and affection.	To dream that your spouse or significant other is flirting with someone else or that someone is flirting with your significant other indicates that you are feeling an emotional or physical distance from her or him.										floating	Activity	"To dream that you are floating on air indicates satisfaction, contentment and acceptance of some situation."	To dream that you are floating in water suggests that you have a handle on your emotions.										flock	Unknown	To see a flock of birds in your dream represent a lack of objectivity in your decision-making and thinking process.											flogging	Event	To dream that you are beating someone indicates that you are shoving your own views and opinions on others.											flood	Action	To dream that you are in a flood represents your need to release some sexual desires.	To see a gentle flood in your dream indicates that your worries over a certain matter will soon be swept away.										floodlights	Unknown	To see floodlights in your dreams symbolize your desire to open up and be understood.											floor	Structure	To see the floor in your dream represents your support system and sense of security.	To see a polished or waxed floor in your dream indicates that you are keeping your subconscious suppressed.	To see a slanted floor in your dream indicates that you are deviating too far from your original plans and goals.	"To dream about the floors of a building represents your level of understanding, awareness or success."	To dream that the floor is made of rubber suggests that you are testing your limits.							floorboard	Unknown	To notice the floorboards in your dream suggests that you are being protective of the things that are important to you.											floss	Unknown	To floss in your dream suggests that you are trying to get to the root of some matter.											flounder	Fish	To see or eat a flounder in your dream represents indecision and how you are unable to commit to something.											flour	Food	To see flour in your dream symbolizes a frugal but happy way of life.											flower	Plant	"To see colorful flowers in your dream signify kindness, compassion, gentleness, pleasure, beauty, and gain."											flowerpot	Unknown	To see a flowerpot in your dream symbolizes the womb and the feminine aspects of yourself.											fluffy	Unknown	"To dream about fluffy things signify comfort, contentment, pleasure and peace in your current life."											flute	Musical_Instrument	To hear or play the flute in your dream indicates harmony in your life.											fly_paper	Unknown	To see fly paper in your dream indicates that you are involved in a slightly sticky situation.											fly_trap	Unknown	To see a fly trap in your dream denotes a malicious plan set forth against you.	To see a fly trap full of flies signifies minor embarrassments.										flying	Action	To dream that you are flying signifies a sense of freedom where you had initially felt restricted and limited.	To dream that you are flying with black wings signifies bitter disappointments.										flying_fish	Fish	To see a flying fish in your dream indicates that you are feeling emotionally free and uninhibited.											flying_machine	Unknown	To see a flying machine in your dream foretells of steady and satisfactory progress in your future endeavors.											flyswatter	Tool	To see or use a flyswatter in your dream implies that you need to be quick to react in a situation or else the opportunity will pass you by.											foal	Animal	To see a foal in your dream signifies new undertakings and emergence of fresh energy.											foam	Substance	To see foam in your dream signifies light heartedness and pleasure.											fog	Unknown	"To dream that you are going through a thick fog symbolizes confusion, troubles, scandal, uncertainty and worries."											foil	Weapon	To see or wrap something in foil in your dream indicates that you are trying to protect or insulate yourself from the harsh realities.											fold	Action	To fold or see folded items in your dream means that you need to better compartmentalize your mind and organize your thoughts.											folder	Unknown	"To see a folder in your dream suggests that you need to sort out your feelings and re-organize some issues in your waking life, especially if you've experienced some trauma or turmoil recently."											food	Food	To see food in your dream represents physical and emotional nourishment and energies.	To dream that you are eating specific cuisines depends on your personal associations with it.	To dream that you are hording or storing food indicates a fear of deprivation.	To see or eat stale food in your dream suggests that you are feeling sluggish and emotionally drained.	To eat bad-tasting food in your dream indicates some sourness or resentment in your emotional state of mind.	To see or eat burnt food in your dream suggests that you are experiencing some intense emotion.	To see fake or plastic food in your dream implies that you are not getting the emotional support that you are looking for.	To dream that there is hair in your food means that you are entangled in some emotional matter which you are not sure about how to get out of.				food_court	Structure	To dream that you are in a food court indicates that you are looking for an outlet to express your feelings.											food_fight	Unknown	To dream that you are in a food fight suggests that there is a conflict between your physical and emotional well being.											food_poisoning	Illness	To dream that you have food poisoning indicates that there is something harming or interfering with your emotional well being.											food_processor	Unknown	"To see or use a food processor in your dream indicates that you need to better ""process"" your emotions so you can understand them in a more effective manner."											food_truck	Unknown	To see or eat at a food truck in your dream implies that you are not investing enough time to cater to your emotional well-being.											foosball	Unknown	To play foosball in your dream refers to a situation where you need to respond or act quickly.											foot	Action	"To dream that you injured or hurt your foot signifies a lack of progress, freedom, and independence."											football	Activity	To dream that you are watching football indicates that you have great satisfaction in your work.	To dream that you are playing football or on a football field represents your competitive nature.										footprint	Unknown	To see footprints in your dream symbolize pride and heritage.											footstep	Action	To hear footsteps in your dream indicate that you are worrying over some issue or problem.											footstool	Unknown	"To see a footstool in your dream suggests that you need to learn to ask for help, in order to move up and advance in life."											forehead	Body_Part	To see a smooth forehead in your dream indicates that you are fair and show good judgment.	To see a wrinkled forehead in your dream symbolizes worries and burdens.	To dream that you feel the forehead of your child denotes sincere praises.	To dream that you bumped or injured your forehead implies that you have made a poor judgment.								foreign_land	Unknown	To dream that you are in a foreign land represents change in your life.											foreign_language	Unknown	To hear or speak a foreign language in your dream indicates a message from your subconscious that you do not yet understand.	To dream that you are studying a foreign language suggests that you are having difficulties expressing your thoughts.										foreigner	Person	To see a foreigner in your dream represents an aspect of yourself that is unfamiliar or strange to you.											foreplay	Unknown	To dream about foreplay indicates your unfulfilled desires and wishes.											forest	Place	To dream that you are in or walking through the forest signifies a transitional phase.	To dream that you are lost in a forest indicates that you are searching through your subconscious for a better understanding of yourself.	To dream of a forest fire indicates that transformation and regeneration is only possible through some hardships.									forget_me_not	Unknown	To see forget me not flowers in your dream symbolize your lover and your relationship with her or him.											forgetting	Unknown	To dream that you are forgetting things signify life's anxieties.											forgive	Unknown	"To dream that you forgive someone means that it is time to let go of some past grudge, guilt, or resentment so that you can move ahead with your life."											fork	Action	To see a fork in your dream represents an extension of your reach.	To dream of being stabbed or attacked with a fork indicates that you are too picky with the ideas/suggestions presented to you.	To see someone eating with a fork denotes that all your current worries will be cleared up through the help of a friend.									fork_in_the_road	Unknown	To see a fork in the road in your dream represents an important decision that you need to make.	To see an oak tree at the fork in the road signifies a life-changing decision.										forklift	Conveyance	To see or use a forklift in your dream suggests that you need to rearrange some of your ideals in order to find a solution to a problem.											formal	Event	To dream that you are attending a formal represents a situation where you need to be on your best behavior.											formaldehyde	Substance	To see or use formaldehyde in your dream refers to something that you are holding onto for too long.											formula	Activity	To see a formula in your dream suggests that you already have the solution to a waking problem.											fort	Structure	To dream that you are defending a fort indicates that you are always on guard.											fortress	Structure	To see a fortress in your dream symbolizes protection and healing.											fortune	Unknown	"To dream that you are making a fortune signifies inner riches, untapped resources, and unexpressed talents."	"To dream that you lost a fortune indicates lost love, missed opportunities or drained emotions."										fortune_cookie	Substance	To see or eat a fortune cookie in your dream suggests that you are putting your fate in someone else's hand.											fossil	Person	To see fossils in your dream symbolize longevity and wisdom.											found	Unknown	To dream that you found something suggests that you are coming into contact with some aspect of your psyche or subconscious.	To dream that you found someone indicates that you are identifying new facets of a relationship.										foundation	Action	To see the foundation of a building represents your belief system.	To dream that the foundation is shifting suggests that you are changing your beliefs about something.										fountain	Event	"To see a fountain in your dream represents joy, renewed pleasure or increased sensitivity."	"To see a dry fountain in your dream indicates that you are coming down from the ""high"" of a passionate relationship."										fowl	Bird	To see a fowl in your dream denotes temporary worries and disagreements.											fox	Animal	"To see a fox in your dream represents insight, cleverness, cunningness and resourcefulness."	To dream that a fox is flying into your window means that you need to be careful with who you trust.										foxglove	Plant	To see foxglove in your dream suggests that there is something that you are trying to hide or protect.											foyer	Structure	To dream that you are in a foyer indicates that you are about to make an important announcement or reveal something new about yourself.											fractal	Unknown	To see a fractal in your dream signifies introspection and deep thought.											fragile	Unknown	To dream that something is fragile indicates that there is some issue that you need to handle with care.											frame	Structure	To see a frame in your dream represents limitations and boundaries.	To frame a picture in your dream represents a wish to have a current situation or relationship remain the same as it is now.										framed	Unknown	To dream that you are being framed or set up implies self-guilt.											framework	Structure	"To see the framework of a house or other structures in your dream signify integrity and your basic, core characteristics."											frankenstein	Unknown	To see or dream that you are Frankenstein indicates that you are tormented or rejected by society.											fraternity	Unknown	"To dream that you are in or join a fraternity symbolizes brotherhood, camaraderie and/or personal growth."	To see fraternity members in your dream may be a metaphor that you need to be more open or friendly.										fraud	Activity	To dream that a fraud has been committed against you indicates that you are too trusting of others.											freckles	Unknown	To dream that you have freckles on your face represent your distinct and unique character.											freddy_krueger	Unknown	To see Freddy Krueger in your dream represents your fears and the rejected aspects of yourself.											freedom	Unknown	To dream about freedom suggests that you are feeling restricted and want to break away from a current situation.											freeway	Place	To dream that you are on a freeway indicates that you are feeling liberated and free.	To dream that the freeway is under construction or is being reconstructed implies that you are experiencing a setback toward accomplishing your goals.										freezer	Unknown	To see a freezer in your dream refers to you cold feelings.											freight	Event	To load freight in your dream suggests that you are carrying a heavy load.	To unload freight in your dream indicates that you are ready to rid yourself of all that extra baggage that is holding you back.										french_fry	Unknown	To see or eat French Fries in your dream suggests that you should not overlook the frivolous and seemingly minute things in life.											friday	Unknown	To dream that it is Friday represents an end to some difficult task.											friend	Person	"To see friends in your dream signify aspects of your personality that you have rejected, but are ready to incorporate and acknowledge."	To dream that you are having sex with a friend refers to the closeness you share with your friend.	To see your childhood friend in your dream signifies regression into your past where you had no responsibilities.	To see friends from your past in your dream points to your desire to reconnect with a part of yourself that you have lost touch with.	To dream that your best friend is dying suggests that some aspect or quality that your best friend possess is dying within your own self.							frightened	Unknown	To dream that you are frightened signifies temporary and fleeting worries.											fringe	Place	To see fringe in your dream suggests that you are feeling torn up inside.											frisbee	Tool	To see or play Frisbee in your dream represents an easy-going attitude or a lack of competitive spirit.											frog	Animal	To see a frog in your dream represents a potential for change or the unexpected.	To dream that you are catching a frog signifies your carelessness concerning your health.	To hear the sounds of a frog in your dream indicates that you have not accomplished what you wanted.	To eat a frog in your dream represents some unsavory or unpleasant task that you need to perform.								front	Place	To see the front of something in your dream indicates that you expressing a desire to keep your distance.	To dream that someone is in front of you implies that there is something or someone you need to face.										frontier	Place	To dream of a frontier signifies changes occurring in your life.											frosting	Unknown	To see or taste frosting in your dream represents the results of your creativity and/or hard work.											frozen	Unknown	"To dream that something is frozen represents something that has been suppressed, rejected, or denied."	To dream that someone is frozen indicates your coldness toward that person or vice versa.										fruit	Event	"To see fruit in your dream signifies growth, abundance and financial gain."	To see or eat rotting/bitter fruit represents your missed opportunities for growth and pleasure.	To dream that you buy or sell fruit indicates that your efforts are being wasted in a fruitless endeavor.	To see or eat dried fruit in your dream refers to old age and issues about aging.								frying_pan	Tool	To see a frying pan in your dream represents completeness in love.											fudge	Food	To make or eat fudge in your dream indicates that you are enjoying life to the fullest.											fuel	Substance	To dream that you run out of fuel suggests that you are lacking energy in your waking life.											fugitive	Person	To dream that you are a fugitive implies that you are refusing to accept responsibility for your actions.	To see or aid a fugitive in your dream suggests that you are compromising your beliefs.										function	Activity	To dream that you are attending a function symbolizes your celebration of life.											funeral	Event	To dream of your own funeral symbolizes an ending to a situation or aspect of yourself.	To dream that you are at somebody else's funeral signifies that you are burying an old relationship and closing the lid on the past.	To dream that you are attending a funeral for a still-living parent suggests that you need to separate yourself from your parent's restrictions and confines.	To dream that you are at the funeral of an unknown person suggests that something in your life needs to put to rest or put aside so that you can make room for something new.								fungus	Plant	To see fungus in your dream represents negative emotions that are expanding and growing in your subconscious.											funhouse	Unknown	To dream that you are in a funhouse indicates that you have overcame your fears to the point where you can now chuckle at it.											funnel	Place	To see or use a funnel in your dream suggests that you need to channel your emotions in a more effective way.											funnel_cloud	Unknown	"To see a funnel cloud in your dream symbolizes anger that you are trying to hold back, but it must be expressed."											furby	Unknown	To see or play with a Furby in your dream implies that you are not being clear in how your express yourself.											furnace	Unknown	To see a furnace in your dream symbolizes power and energy.											furniture	Unknown	To see furniture in your dream represents how you feel about yourself and your family.	To dream that you are moving furniture indicates that you are going out of your way to please others.	"To see old or worn furniture in your dream symbolizes outdated attitudes former relationships, and/or old ways of thinking."									furry	Unknown	To feel or see something furry in your dream symbolizes warmth.											fur	Substance	"To see or wear furs in your dream represent prosperity, status, and luxury."											fuse	Tool	To blow a fuse in your dream suggests that something in your life is in jeopardy of breaking down due to stress.											future	Unknown	To dream that you are in the future signifies your hopes or your fears of how things will turn out.											fuzzy	Unknown	To have a fuzzy dream indicates that there is something you are not confronting or are refusing to see.											gala	Activity	To dream that you are attending a gala symbolizes your celebration of life.											galaxy	Plant	To see the galaxy in your dream represents your creativity.											gale	Unknown	To dream of being caught in a gale indicates that you are losing control on things that you never had control of in the first place.											gall_bladder	Unknown	To dream of your gall bladder suggests that you need to rid yourself of negative energy.											gallow	Unknown	To see the gallows in your dream indicate that you are feeling threatened in your waking life.											gambling	Activity	To dream that are gambling suggests that you are too impulsive and relying too much on fate.											game	Activity	"To dream that you are hunting, shooting at, or killing game refers to the game of life."											game_show	Event	To dream that you are on a game show suggests that you need to change some aspect of your life around.											game	Activity	To dream that you are playing games indicates that you need to take a break from your daily life.											gandhi	Person	To dream of Gandhi indicates that you can still get your way without use of force.											gang	Tool	To dream that you are a gang member signifies your need to achieve and accomplish things through force and intimidation.	To dream that you are confronted or threatened by a gang signifies circumstances or situations in your waking life that are becoming overwhelming.										gangrene	Illness	To see someone affected with gangrene in your dream foretells of grief and loss.											gap	Event	To see a gap in your dream suggests that you need to bring two sides together.											garage	Building	To dream that you are in a garage signifies a period of inactivity and idleness in your life.	To dream that you are pulling your car into the garage represents security and stability brought about by your accomplishments and efforts.	To dream that you are opening the garage door denotes that you have made a decision about a matter.	To dream that there is a homeless family living in your garage indicates that something is missing in your life.								garage_sale	Unknown	To hold or be at a garage sale in your dream indicates that you are recycling past experiences and finding use for your old skills and ideas.											garbage	Substance	To dream that you are throwing away garbage suggests that you are kicking your old negative habits and throwing away your bad characteristics and unwanted traits.	To see piles of garbage in your dream represent rejected or unwanted aspects of yourself.	To find something valuable in the garbage suggests that you can find value in the least expected of places.									garbage_can	Unknown	"To see a garbage can in your dream symbolizes unwanted ideas, thoughts or memories."											garbage_truck	Conveyance	To see or drive a garbage truck in your dream indicates that you need to rid yourself of your old habits.											garden	Place	To see a vegetable or fruit garden in your dream indicates that your hard work and diligence will pay off in the end.	"To see a flower garden in your dream represents tranquility, comfort, love and domestic bliss."	"To see a sparse, weed-infested garden suggests that you have neglected your spiritual needs."									garden_of_eden	Unknown	To dream that you are in the Garden of Eden suggests that you are seeking to recapture innocence that is lost.											gardening	Event	To dream that you are gardening symbolizes work or career issues.											gargoyle	Unknown	To see a gargoyle in your dream signifies hidden and embarrassing fears over some secret matters that you have not shared with anyone.											garland	Place	To see a garland in your dream represents wholeness and completeness.	To dream that you are wearing a garland suggests a bond.										garlic	Food	To dream that you are eating garlic signifies your practicality and sensibility in matters of the heart; you look for security over love.	To see a clove of garlic in your dream indicates protection against some danger.										garnet	Substance	"To see a garnet in your dream symbolizes loyalty, vitality and devotion."											garret	Structure	To climb up to a garret in your dream indicates a general betterment of your life and an improvement in your financial situation.											garter	Unknown	To see or dream that you are wearing a garter represents seduction and titillation.											garuda	Unknown	"To see Garuda in your dream symbolizes agility, fear, fierceness, superiority and power."											gas	Tool	To smell or see gas in your dream indicates that you need to be reenergized.											gas_chamber	Tool	"To dream that you or someone is in the gas chamber suggests that you need to get rid of something in your life that is causing you much sickness, distress, or negativity."											gas_mask	Unknown	To see or wear a gas mask in your dream suggests that the information that you are receiving from others is being filtered.											gas_station	Unknown	To dream that you are at a gas station indicates a need to reenergize and revitalize yourself.											gas_tank	Unknown	To dream that your gas tank is empty suggests that you need to stop and reenergize yourself.											gasoline	Substance	To see gasoline in your dream represents energy and spirituality.	To dream that you are filling your car with gasoline symbolizes your need to take better care of your Self.										gasp	Unknown	To hear a gasp in your dream means that you need to stop and pay special attention to what is occurring or what is being said in the dream.											gate	Structure	To see or pass through a gate in your dream suggests that you are walking through a new phase of life.	To see a closed gate in your dream signifies your inability to overcome current difficulties.	To dream that you are climbing to the top of a gate suggests that you are trying to gain an upper hand on some situation.									gatekeeper	Person	To dream that you are a gatekeeper indicates that you need to be more careful about who you let into your life.											gathering	Activity	To see a gathering in your dream indicates that you are trying to merge various aspects of your character and personality.											gauge	Tool	To see a gauge in our dream suggests that you need to better balance aspects of your life.											gauze	Unknown	To dream that you are dressed in gauze signifies uncertainty in wealth.											gavel	Tool	"To see a gavel in your dream symbolizes justice, authority and absolute power."	To dream that you are using a gavel represents a resolution to a problem.										gazebo	Building	To see or dream that you are in a gazebo represents your openness and receptiveness toward some relationship.											gazelle	Animal	"To see a gazelle in your dream symbolizes, grace, speed, and the soul."											gear	Tool	To dream that you are putting your car in gear suggests that you are ready to move forward with a new project in your life.											gear	Tool	To see gears in your dream symbolizes cooperation and working together.											gecko	Animal	To see a gecko in your dream represents an agreement or affirmation.											goose	Bird	To see geese in your dream represent domesticity and lifelong companionship.											geisha	Person	"To see a geisha in your dream represents beauty, charm, poise and grace."	"To dream that you are a geisha indicates that you are well-balanced in your personal, social, and professional life."										gel	Substance	To use hair gel in your dream represents your desire for order.											gemini	Place	To dream that someone is a Gemini represents your quick thinking ability and keen wit.											gem	Substance	"To see gems in your dream symbolize riches, ambition or spiritual protection."											gender	Unknown	To dream about your gender indicates that you are evaluating your role and how you are perceived by society.											generator	Machine	"To see a generator in your dream symbolizes your motivation, drive and will to pursue your goals."											genie	Unknown	To see a genie in your dream represents your creativity and mind power.											genitals	Body_Part	To dream of your genitals represent your feelings toward sex and sexuality and your attitudes toward femininity and masculinity.	To dream that your genitals disappear indicate your fears or lack of confidence toward sex.										genius	Person	To dream that you are a genius represents your potential.											genocide	Action	To dream about a genocide points to your fear of other people's differences.											geode	Unknown	To see a geode in your dream symbolizes the beauty within.											geoduck	Invertebrate	To see or eat geoduck in your dream represents your primal sexual desire.											geography	Unknown	To dream that you are studying geography foretells of much travels in your future.											georgia	Place	To dream that you are in the state of Georgia suggests that you are longing for the comfort of home or of more familiar surroundings.											geranium	Plant	To see geranium in your dream symbolizes long lasting beauty and enduring elegance.											gerbil	Animal	To see a gerbil in your dream represents hyperactivity and energy.											german_shepherd	Animal	To see a German Shepherd in your dream highlights your protective instincts and attentiveness to a situation.	To dream that you are training a German Shepherd suggests that you are open to new ideas and/or easily influenced.										germ	Body_Part	To have a dream about germs represent small and irrational fears that you are feeling in your waking life.											geyser	Unknown	To see a geyser in your dream symbolizes an outburst of emotion.											ghetto	Place	To dream that you are in a ghetto indicates that you are emotionally impoverished.											ghillie_suit	Unknown	To see or wear a ghillie suit in your dream represents your desires to blend into the background and not be noticed.											ghost	Person	To see a ghost in your dream represents something that is no longer obtainable or within reach.	To see your own ghost in your dream symbolizes aspects of yourself that you fear.	To dream that you turn into a ghost implies that you are desperate to escape from a situation.	To see the ghost of a living relative or friend in your dream signifies that you are in danger of malice acts by that person.	To see the ghost of a dead friend/relative in your dream suggests guilt and regrets concerning the past relationships with that particular person.	"To dream that ghosts are trying to kill you implies that you are ready to confront your past and your repressed emotions, despite how painful it may be."						ghost_town	Place	To dream that you are in a ghost town suggests that you are feeling rejected by society.											ghoul	Person	To see a ghoul in your dream suggests that your habits and negative ways are hindering your growth.											giant	Animal	To see a giant in your dream indicates a great struggle between you and your opponents.	To dream that you turn into a giant indicates feelings of inferiority.										gift	Event	To dream that you are giving a gift signifies your generosity towards others.	To dream that you receive a gift indicates that you are being rewarded and recognized for your generosity and giving nature.	To open a gift and find something disgusting inside symbolizes disappointments or unexpected failures.									gift_card	Unknown	To see a gift card in your dream means that there is something you didn't realize you needed or that there is something missing from your life.											gift_wrap	Substance	To see gift wrap in your dream suggests that there is something that you are trying to cover up or hide.											gig	Activity	To dream of playing at a gig represents a freedom of expression and the ability to let go of the confines in your daily life.											gill	Body_Part	To dream that you have gills implies that you are ready to confront your true feelings and submerge yourself in your emotions.											ginger	Food	To see ginger in your dream indicates security and comfort in your life.											gingerbread	Substance	To see or eat gingerbread in your dream refers to homeliness and the comforts of home.											ginseng	Plant	"To see ginseng in your dream represents virility, longevity and life."											giraffe	Animal	To see a giraffe in your dream suggests that you need to consider the overall picture.	To dream that you are riding a giraffe represents your desire to stand up amongst the crowd.	To dream that a giraffe is running implies that you are avoiding the truth.									girdle	Body_Part	To dream that you are wearing a girdle suggests that you are feeling restricted and limited in the expression of your ideas and feelings.											girl_scout	Person	"To dream that you are a girl scout symbolizes sisterhood, camaraderie, characters and strong values."	To see a girl scout in your dream suggests that you need to be more dedicated to your goals and achievements.										girlfriend	Person	To see your girlfriend in your dream represents your waking relationship with her and how you feel about her.	To dream that you are pretending to be someone's girlfriend implies that you are not ready to settle down into a committed relationship.										giving	Action	To dream that you are giving something away indicates that you need to give more in some relationship or situation.											glacier	Unknown	To see a glacier in your dream refers to your cold feelings.											gladiator	Person	To dream that you are a gladiator represents a situation where you are fighting for your survival.											gladiolas	Unknown	To see gladiolas in your dream represent heartaches and issues of the heart.											glass	Tool	To see glass in your dream symbolizes passivity or protection.	To dream that you are looking through glass represents your openness and non-defensiveness.	To see broken glass in your dream signifies disappointments and negative changes in your life.	"To dream that you are eating glass highlights your vulnerability, confusion and frailty."								glass_case	Unknown	To see a glass case in your dream implies that you are distancing yourself emotionally from some situation or relationship.											glass_house	Unknown	To see a glass house in your dream suggests that you need to be cautious about what people are telling you.	To dream that you are living in a glass house signifies a threat to your reputation.										glassblower	Person	To see a glassblower in your dream represents your ability to mold and shape the lives around you.											glass	Tool	To dream that you are wearing eyeglasses and you do not normally wear them suggests that you need a clearer view on a situation.	To see broken eyeglasses in your dream indicates that your vision and perception is impaired.	To see or wear 3D eyeglasses in your dream means that you need to look at some problem or something from a new perspective.									glider	Conveyance	To see or ride a glider in your dream represents your tendency to go with the flow of things instead of taking your own initiative and making changes in your life.											glitter	Event	To see or throw glitter in your dream suggests that you need to be more outgoing.											globe	Unknown	To see a globe in your dream suggests that you need to step back and look at the wider perspective.	To see a spinning globe in your dream signifies that your life is going out of control.										gloomy	Unknown	To be surrounded by gloomy things and situations in your dream indicates that you need some direction or clarity in a waking situation.											glove	Unknown	To see or wear gloves in your dream represent the way you handle things.	To dream that you are taking off gloves symbolize respect.	To dream that you are wearing work gloves represent a difficult situation that may get your hands dirty.									glow	Unknown	To see a glow in your dream symbolizes enlightenment and understanding.											glow_stick	Unknown	To see a glow stick in your dream indicates a new direction that you are taking.											glue	Substance	To see glue in your dream indicates a fear of being trapped in some situation and not being able to get out of it.											gnat	Invertebrate	To see a gnat in your dream signifies some nagging or annoying issue.											gnome	Unknown	To see a gnome in your dream signifies the inner child and its fantasies.											gnu	Animal	To see a gnu in your dream indicates a lack of control in your life.											go-kart	Conveyance	To see or drive a go-kart in your dream represents your ability to navigate through life's twists and turns.											goal	Action	To score a goal in your dream symbolizes your achievements and successes.	To miss a goal in your dream indicates that you are not utilizing all your resources to achieve your goals.										goal_post	Unknown	To see a goal post in your dream symbolizes your personal goals or an opportunity that is within your grasp.											goalie	Activity	To see or dream that you are a goalie represents your capabilities and your ability to achieve.											goat	Animal	To see a goat in your dream represents your lack of judgment and your gullibility.	"To dream that a billy goat butts you forewarns of deceit, underhandedness, and lies."										goatee	Unknown	To see someone with a goatee in your dream represents mistrust and dishonesty.											goblet	Unknown	To see or drink from a goblet in your dream symbolizes the womb and the feminine.											goblin	Unknown	To see a goblin in your dream refers to a negative person who is working against you.											god	Person	To see God in your dream signifies your spirituality and expression of your feelings about divinity.	To dream that you are worshipping God signifies repentance of your actions and errors.	"To dream that God speaks to you signifies feelings of guilt, eternal punishment, and damnation."	To dream that you are a god implies your own special talents which you have not yet recognized or fully developed.	To dream that God has the bluest eyes refers to your deep and intimate connection with God.							goddess	Unknown	To see a goddess in your dream symbolizes your femininity or feminine side.											godfather	Person	To see your godfather in your dream signifies a fear for authority.	To dream that you are a godfather indicates that you are an authority figure.										godmother	Person	To see your godmother in your dream indicates that you are looking for advice and direction in life.	To dream that you have a fairy godmother refers to your need to feel protected.										godzilla	Unknown	To see Godzilla in your dream signifies feelings of being out of control.											goggles	Tool	To see or wear goggles in your dream suggest that you are trying to protect yourself from emotional harm.											goiter	Illness	To dream that you have a goiter indicates that you are overlooking some minor issue that will have significant consequences.											gold	Substance	"To see gold in your dream symbolizes wealth, riches, natural healing, illumination and/or spirituality."	To find gold in your dream indicates that you have discovered something valuable about yourself.	To bury gold in your dream suggests that you are trying to hide something about yourself.									gold_leaf	Unknown	To see gold leaves in your dream indicates a pleasant and bright future ahead for you.											golden_retriever	Animal	To see a golden retriever in your dream represents your family ideals.											goldenrod	Plant	To see a goldenrod in your dream indicates that something or someone is causing you much annoyance and irritation.											goldfinch	Bird	To see a goldfinch in your dream symbolizes your soul.											goldfish	Fish	"To see a goldfish in your dream signifies, wealth, success, and pleasant adventures."											golf	Activity	To dream that you are playing or watching golf signifies pleasant indulgences.	To dream that you are on a golf course represents your desires for freedom.										golf_ball	Unknown	To see a golf ball in your dream symbolizes a frivolous matter or situation.											golf_cart	Conveyance	To see or ride a golf cart in your dream suggests that you are too lackadaisical in the pursuit of your goals.											golf_tee	Tool	To see or use a golf tee in your dream refers to your supporting role in a situation.											gondola	Structure	"To see or ride in a gondola in your dream refers to romance, fantasy, and idealistic love."											gong	Musical_Instrument	To hear the sound of a gong in your dream represents an end or beginning of something.											goodbye	Unknown	"To dream that you are saying goodbye to someone indicates an end to your worries, to a relationship or and to a chapter in your life."	To dream that someone is saying goodbye to you suggests that you are going on a journey of self-discovery.										goose	Bird	To see a goose in your dream symbolizes fertility and motherly love.											goosebumps	Unknown	To dream that you have goosebumps indicate validity and truth to what you have just said or heard.											gooseberry	Food	To pick or gather gooseberries in your dream signify a happy and bright outlook.	To see or eat gooseberries in your dream suggest that you are enjoying your time of leisure.										gopher	Animal	To see a gopher in your dream means that you are being used and manipulated by others.											gorilla	Animal	"To see a gorilla in your dream suggests that you may be too ""over the top"" in your behavior."											gossip	Event	To hear gossip in your dream indicates that you are using others to get information that may not be accurate.											gourd	Plant	"To see a gourd in your dream represents abundance, longevity and fertility."											gout	Illness	To dream you have gout represents obstacles.											government	Event	To dream of the government signifies power and the qualities or feelings that rule your life.											gown	Unknown	"To see or wear an evening gown in your dream represents enjoyment, social pleasures, grace and culture."											gps	Unknown	To dream that you are using a GPS indicates that you are on a path of self discovery.											grade	Animal	To see your grade in your dream represents how well you are doing in life's lesson and how your are progressing through each stage in your life.											graduation	Action	To dream that you are at a graduation represents your achievements.	To dream that you forget your graduation means that you are not mentally prepared for the next phase of your life.										graffiti	Unknown	To see graffiti in your dream indicates that you have low self-worth.											grafting	Action	To dream that you are grafting something indicates that you are making connections and bonds.											grammar	Unknown	To dream that you are studying grammar suggests difficulties in getting your point across and communicating your ideas.											grandchild	Person	To see your grandchild in your dream represents the renewal of life and reflection of your own past.											grandfather	Person	"To see your grandfather in your dream symbolizes tradition, protection, wisdom, and a caring nature."											grandfather_clock	Tool	To see a grandfather clock in your dream signifies the past or a passage of time.											grandmother	Person	"To see your grandmother in your dream represents nurturance, protection, and unconditional love."											grandparent	Person	"To see your grandparents in your dream symbolize love, security, wisdom and protection."	To dream that you are searching for your grandparents signify your search for love and protection.										granite	Substance	To see granite in your dream refers to your toughness and rigidity.											grapefruit	Food	To see or eat a grapefruit in your dream represents a sense of well-being and a refreshed state of mind.	"To see a grapefruit tree in your dream is symbolic of your talents, belief system and good deeds."										grape	Food	To see or eat grapes in your dream represent wealth and prosperity.	To dream that you are picking and gathering grapes signify profit and the realization of your desires.										grass	Substance	To see green grass in your dream suggests that there is a part of yourself that you can always rely on.	To dream that you are planting grass indicates that your hard work and efforts will pay off in the end.										grasshopper	Invertebrate	"To see a grasshopper in your dream symbolizes freedom, independence or spiritual enlightenment."											grassland	Place	To see or dream that you are on a grassland symbolizes openness and concealment at the same time.											grater	Tool	To see or use a grater in your dream implies that you need to process things in smaller sizes so that you do not get overwhelmed.											grave	Place	To dream that you are at a grave indicates that you need to delve into your own subconscious in search of an issue that you thought had been put to rest.	To dream that you are digging a grave denotes some nervousness and uneasiness over some undertaking.										gravel	Substance	To see gravel in your dream signifies practicality.											graveyard	Place	To dream that you are at a graveyard represents the discarded aspects of yourself.											gravity	Unknown	To feel gravity in your dream represents the weight and pressure you feel on you.	To dream that you feel no gravity suggests that you are able to let go of your problems and rise above the situation.										gravy	Event	To dream that you are eating gravy symbolizes your ability to enjoy the simpler things in life.											grease	Substance	To dream that you are covered in grease suggests that you need to get your life straighten out and running smoothly again.											great_dane	Animal	"To see a Great Dane in your dream refers to your strong will, good nature and easy going attitude."											great_wall_of_china	Structure	"To see or dream that you are at the Great Wall of China refers to your ability to shut some people out, while letting others through."											greek	Person	To dream that you read Greek signifies discussion and acceptance of your ideas.											greenhouse	Building	To see or dream that you are in a greenhouse represents transformation.											greeting_card	Unknown	To see a greeting card in your dream suggests that surprises are in store ahead.											gremlins	Unknown	To see gremlins in your dream symbolize mischief and trouble.											grenade	Tool	To see a grenade in your dream suggests that your suppressed emotions are about to explode.											greyhound	Animal	"To see a greyhound in your dream represents your quiet, calm and reserved side."											grief	Unknown	To dream that you are in bereavement suggests that you are repressing your grief.											griffon	Bird	To see a griffon in your dream symbolizes the positive aspects of change.											grill	Structure	"To see a grill in your dream represents togetherness, comfort, and relaxation."											grim_reaper	Unknown	"To see the grim reaper in your dream signifies the negative, rejected aspects of your personality."											grinch	Unknown	To see the Grinch in your dream suggests that you are no longer centered.											grindstone	Tool	To dream that you are turning a grindstone symbolizes vitality and well-directed energy which will lead to prosperity.	To dream that you are sharpening tools on a grindstone signifies that your friends will always be there to lend a helping hand.										grip	Activity	"To dream that you are gripping something implies control, hope, determination, possession or endurance."											gritty	Unknown	"To dream of a gritty texture symbolizes hesitance or tentativeness about a decision, situation or relationship."											groan	Unknown	To hear groans in your dream suggest that you need to act quickly or else others will take advantage of the situation.											grocery	Structure	To shop for groceries in your dream represents some emotional of physical need that you are currently lacking in your life.											groom	Person	To dream that you are a groom represents your commitment to a relationship or situation.											groomsman	Person	To dream that you are a groomsman refers to your self-confidence.											grotto	Unknown	To see a grotto in your dream signifies your dark emotions and suppressed sexuality.											ground	Substance	To dream that you are on the ground represents your foundation and support system.											grounded	Unknown	To dream that you have been grounded indicates that you need to reflect on your negative actions and bad behavior.	To dream that an airplane is grounded indicates that your idea or plan is not taking off.										groundhog	Animal	To see a groundhog in your dream represents subconscious material that is coming to the surface.											grout	Substance	To dream that you are applying grout indicates that you need solidify some new ideas.											growing	Event	To see something growing in your dream indicates that you have reached a new level of maturity or spiritual enlightenment.											growl	Event	To hear a growl in your dream indicates danger.											grudge	Unknown	To dream that you are holding a grudge against someone represents some unresolved issues.											guacamole	Food	To eat or make guacamole in your dream indicates a positive change.											guard	Activity	To see an armed guard in your dream represents rational thinking.	To see a prison guard in your dream suggests that your belief and/or your way of thinking is restricting your own growth.										guardian	Person	To see your guardian in your dream signifies that you will be treaded with consideration by your friends.											guava	Food	To see or eat a guava in your dream symbolizes fertility and/or romance.											guest	Machine	To see a guest in your dream signifies new challenges and interests in your life.	To dream that you are a guest denotes a circumstance or problem in your life that is temporary.										guide	Person	To see or dream that you are a guide indicates that a higher force is guiding you toward your goals.											guillotine	Tool	"To see a guillotine in your dream symbolizes anger, hostility and the eruption of some strong emotions."											guinea_pig	Animal	To see a guinea pig in your dream represents your need to be more responsible and attentive.											guitar	Musical_Instrument	To see or play a guitar in your dream represents passion and emotion.	To see an unstrung or broken guitar signifies disappointments in love.										guitar_pick	Tool	To see or use a guitar pick in your dream implies that you need to focus your energies on your true passion.											gull	Bird	To see sea gulls in your dream indicate a desire to get away from your problems or the demands of your walking life.	To see soaring gulls in your dream indicate a clear perspective.	To see dead gulls in your dream denote separation.									gum	Body_Part	To dream that you are chewing gum suggests that you are unable to express yourself effectively.	"To dream that you are unable to get rid of your gum suggests that you are experiencing some indecision, powerlessness or frustration."										gumball_machine	Unknown	To see a gumball machine in your dream indicates that you are searching to be whole again.											gummi_bear	Unknown	To see or eat gummi bears in your dream implies that your tenacity and perseverance will pay off in the end.	To dream that gummi bears are coming to life indicates that something that may seem innocent or insignificant is suddenly becoming a problematic issue.										gummy_worm	Unknown	To see or eat gummy worms in your dream indicates that an unappealing situation or person is being presented in a more palatable way.											gum	Body_Part	To notice your gums in your dream suggests that you are having difficulties communicating your emotions or thoughts.	To dream that your gums are bleeding indicates that you feel others are working against you.	"To dream that a thick, gray discharge is oozing out of your gums implies that you need to confront some fear or depression."									gun	Action	"To see a gun in your dream represents aggression, anger, and potential danger."	To dream that you are loading a gun forewarns that you should be careful in not letting your temper get out of control.	To dream that a gun jams or fails to fire indicates that you are feeling powerless in some waking situation.	To dream that you are hiding a gun implies that you are repressing your angry feelings.	To dream that you shoot someone with a gun denotes your aggressive feeling and hidden anger toward that particular person.	To dream that someone is shooting you with a gun suggests that you are experiencing some confrontation in your waking life.						gunpowder	Substance	To see gunpowder in your dream indicates that you are on the verge of losing your temper or about to blow up over some matter.											gurney	Conveyance	To see or lie on a gurney in your dream suggests that you need to slow down.											guru	Person	To seek a guru in your dream suggests that you are trying to be more influential and powerful in the world.											guru_nanak	Individual	To see Guru Nanak in your dream symbolizes integrity and honesty.											gut	Body_Part	"To see guts in your dream represent fortitude, strength, and stamina."											gutter	Place	To notice the gutter in your dream signifies degradation and unhappiness.	To find valuables in the gutter in your dream suggest that you can find value in the least expected of places.										gymnasium	Unknown	To dream that you are in a gymnasium indicates that you need to apply what you learned and incorporate it into your daily life.											gymnast	Person	"To see a gymnast in your dream signifies agility, strength, and grace."											gynecologist	Person	To see a gynecologist in your dream indicates that there is something that you do not want to know.											gypsy	Person	To see a gypsy in your dream signifies your desire to roam freely without responsibility and obligation.											habit	Activity	To dream about an old habit or a habit that you recently quit is an expression of your subconscious desires.											hacky_sack	Unknown	To play hacky sack in your dream refers to your ability to act quickly on your feet.	To see a hacky sack in your dream implies that you need to be more flexible.										hag	Animal	"To see a hag in your dream represents the ""Wise Old Woman"" figure and thus refers to nurturance."											haggard	Person	To see a haggard face in your dream suggests that you are growing tiresome or weary of a situation.											hagstone	Unknown	To see a hagstone in your dream signifies your need to be protected.											hail	Unknown	To hear hail in your dream indicates that you are going through a period of difficult times.											hair	Body_Part	"To see hair in your dream signifies sexual virility, seduction, sensuality, vanity, and health."	To dream that you are cutting your hair suggests that you are experiencing a loss in strength.	"To dream that you are combing, stroking or styling your hair suggests that you are taking on and evaluating a new idea, concept, outlook, or way of thinking."	To dream that you have long hair indicates that you are thinking long and carefully before making some decision.	To dream that you are losing your hair denotes that you are concerned with the notion that you are getting older and losing your sex appeal and virility.	To dream that someone is smelling your hair indicates sexual curiosity and your need for some sensual stimulation.	To dream that you are reaching for or running your fingers through someone's hair suggests that you are trying to connect with that person on a spiritual or intellectual level.	To dream that the wind is blowing through your hair signifies freedom to express uninhibited feelings.				hair_clipper	Unknown	To see or use hair clippers in your dream means that you are shedding off some unwanted aspect of yourself.											hair_dryer	Tool	To use a hair dryer in your dream indicates that you need to clear your thoughts and get a fresh perspective on things.											hairclip	Unknown	To see or wear a barrette in your dream indicates that you are open to a new idea.											haircut	Action	To dream that someone is giving you a haircut suggests that you are experiencing a decreased sense of power.											hairdresser	Person	To dream that you are a hairdresser suggests that you are imposing your ideas and opinions on others.	To dream that you are at the hairdresser implies that you are looking to change your attitude.										hairnet	Unknown	To see or wear a hairnet in your dream means that you need to show restraint and control in your feelings.											hairpiece	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a hairpiece indicates some sort of deception.	To dream that you lose your hairpiece suggests that you are beginning to lose your mind.										hairspray	Unknown	To use hairspray in your dream suggests that you are overly concerned with your looks and image.											half	Unknown	To dream about half of something indicates that something in your waking life is incomplete or unresolved.											hall	Structure	To dream that you are in a hall represents your ability to share and get along with others.											halloween	Unknown	To dream of Halloween signifies death and the underworld.											hallucination	Unknown	To have a hallucination in your dream symbolizes an image from your subconscious.											hallway	Place	To see a hallway in your dream symbolizes self exploration.											halo	Unknown	To dream that you have a halo signifies that you are a perfectionist.											halter	Body_Part	To dream that you are putting a halter on a horse suggests that you are trying to persuade someone into your way of thinking.											ham	Substance	To dream that you are eating ham indicates that you need to preserve your energy.	To see a ham in your dream indicates that you are experiencing some emotional difficulties.										hamburger	Substance	"To see or eat a hamburger in your dream suggests that you are lacking some emotional, intellectual, or physical component in order to feel whole again."											hamlet	Place	To see Hamlet in your dream refers to your indecisiveness.											hammer	Action	"To see a hammer in your dream signifies power, strength, virility, and masculine attitudes."	To dream that you are using a hammer represents your determination and drive in pursing your goals.										hammock	Unknown	To see a hammock in your dream implies that you need to take some time out for pleasure and leisurely activity.	To dream that you are lying in a hammock refers to your appreciation of life.	To dream that you fall off a hammock implies that you are being mislead into thinking that everything is okay when it is not.									hamper	Tool	To see a hamper in your dream indicates that you need to find a more productive way to express your negative feelings.											hamster	Animal	To see a hamster in your dream represents underdeveloped emotions.											hand	Activity	To dream of your hands represent your relationships with those around you and how you connect with the world.	To dream that your hands are itchy indicate issues with money.										hand_grenade	Tool	To see or throw a hand grenade in your dream represents pent up anger that is ready to explode at any moment.											hand_truck	Conveyance	To see or use a hand truck in your dream means that you are looking for ways to ease your load.											handball	Activity	To watch or play team handball in your dream refers to the importance of teamwork and cooperation in order to achieve the goals in your waking life.											handcuff	Tool	To dream that you are in handcuffs suggest that something or someone is holding back your success.	To see others in handcuffs or to put handcuffs on others indicate that you are being overly possessive.										handicap	Illness	To dream that you or someone is handicap symbolizes your own weakness and neediness.											handle	Unknown	To see a handle in your dream suggests that you are in control of the situation.											handsome	Unknown	To dream that you are handsome refers to your confidence and self-esteem level.	To see someone handsome in your dream represents qualities that you need to accept or incorporate into your own self.										handstand	Activity	To dream that you are doing a handstand refers to ability to balance many responsibilities at the same time.	To see someone doing a handstand in your dream suggests that you are a hard person to please.										handwriting	Activity	To see or dream about your handwriting represents your self-expression and creativity.											hang_gliding	Action	To dream that you are hang gliding symbolizes freedom in your personal life.											hanger	Tool	To see a hanger in your dream suggests that you are getting the hang of some situation or some task.											hanging	Activity	To watch a hanging in your dream represents feelings of insecurity.	To dream that you are hanging yourself suggests that you are trying to escape from some guilt or fear.	To dream that you are hanging up clothes suggests that you are clarifying your thoughts and elevating yourself to a new state of awareness.	To dream that you are hanging out with friends or other people is a way for your dreaming mind to decompress and wind down.								hangman	Person	To play hangman in your dream represents a message from your subconscious.											hangover	Activity	To dream that you have a hangover signifies unresolved problems.											happy	Unknown	To dream that you are happy may be a compensatory dream and is often a dream of the contrary.											harbor	Structure	To see a harbor in your dream signifies shelter from a stormy relationship or chaotic situation.											hard_drive	Tool	To dream that your hard drive crashed indicates that you are being overwhelmed with information.	"To see a hard drive in your dream represents old memories, your abilities and your experiences."										hard_hat	Person	To see or wear a hard hat in your dream implies that you need to protect your ideas.											hardware_store	Structure	To dream that you are at the hardware store indicates that you need to make some self-improvements in your life.											hare	Animal	"To see a hare in your dream represents swiftness, transformation or self-sacrifice."											harem	Structure	To dream that your are part of a harem signifies your repressed sexual energy and inhibitions.	To dream that you are held prisoner of a harem suggests that you are seeking acceptance of your own sexuality.	To dream that you keep a harem suggests that you are wasting your time and energy on frivolous pursuits.									harmonica	Musical_Instrument	To see or hear a harmonica in your dream suggests that you need to let more joy and pleasure come into your life.	To dream that you are playing a harmonica indicates that there is some emotions that you need to release and integrate into your daily life.										harness	Tool	To see or use a harness in your dream symbolizes control and lack of freedom.											harp	Musical_Instrument	To see or play a harp in your dream represents spiritual harmony.											harpoon	Tool	To see or use a harpoon in your dream represents your desire to nail down a solution to a waking problem.											harpy	Bird	To see a harpy in your dream symbolizes the devouring female.											harry_potter	Unknown	To see Harry Potter in your dream indicates that you have the potential to accomplish amazing things in the face of insurmountable hardships.	To dream that you are Harry Potter represents your desires to escape from reality.										harvesting	Activity	To dream that you are harvesting crops denotes that you still have some ways to go before fully developing your career and goals.											hash_browns	Unknown	To see or eat hash browns in your dream indicate a positive outlook to your day.											hat	Activity	To see or wear a hat in your dream indicates that you are hiding an aspect of yourself or that you are covering up something.											hatchet	Tool	To see an ax in your dream indicates that you are overly controlling.	"To dream that you are chopping wood with an ax suggests that you need to divide your problems into smaller, more manageable sizes."										hate	Unknown	To dream about hate indicates repressed aggression and your fear of confrontations.											haunted	Unknown	To dream that you are being haunted indicates early unpleasant traumas and repressed feelings or memories.	To see a haunted car in your dream represents unfinished goals.										haunted_house	Unknown	"To dream of a haunted house signifies unfinished emotional business related to your childhood family, dead relatives, or repressed memories and feelings."											hawaii	Place	To see or dream about Hawaii symbolizes relaxation and leisure.											hawaiian_shirt	Unknown	To see or wear a Hawaiian Shirt in your dream represents your relaxed attitude.											hawk	Bird	To see a hawk in your dream denotes that suspicions are lurking around you and your activities.											hawthorn	Plant	To see a hawthorn tree in your dream symbolizes fertility and rebirth.	"To smell a hawthorn in your dream represents sex, lust, or sensuality."										hay	Food	To see hay in your dream represents the necessity of hard work; nothing in life comes easy.											hazard	Structure	To see a hazard in your dream suggests that you need to exercise caution in some aspect of your life.											hazelnut	Food	To see or eat a hazelnut in your dream represents untainted love and honored devotion.											head	Animal	"To see a head in your dream signifies wisdom, intellect, understanding and rationality."	To dream that someone is trying to rip your head off suggests that you are not seeing a situation or problem clearly.	To dream that your head is particularly heavy or weighing you down means that you are over-thinking or over-analyzing some situation.									headache	Illness	To dream that you have a headache suggests that you are heading in the wrong direction.											headband	Unknown	To see or wear a headband in your dream indicates that you are holding back some information.											headboard	Unknown	To see a headboard in your dream suggests that you are being shielded from some information.											headdress	Unknown	"To see or wear a headdress in your dream suggests that you will win out in some argument, battle or negotiation."											headless	Unknown	To see a headless body walking around or dream that you are headless means that you are not using your head.	To see a headless horseman in your dream suggests that you are under some negative influence.										headlight	Tool	To see a car's headlights in your dream indicate your inability to look beyond the past.											headline	Unknown	To dream that you are reading a headline indicates a special message from your subconscious.											headphone	Tool	To dream that you are wearing headphones indicate that you are the only one getting the message.											headstand	Action	To dream that you are doing a headstand implies that you need to think through things more clearly.											headstone	Structure	To see a headstone in your dream represents a forgotten or buried aspect of yourself which you need to acknowledge.											healing	Unknown	To dream of healing represents your need for emotional and/or physical healing.											health_club	Structure	To dream that you are in a gymnasium indicates that you need to apply what you learned and incorporate it into your daily life.											hearing_aid	Tool	To see or wear a hearing aid in your dream suggests that you are not paying enough attention to what someone is trying to tell you.											hearse	Conveyance	To see a hearse in your dream indicates that you are moving into a new phase.											heart	Substance	"To see your heart in your dream signifies truth, courage, love, and romance."	To see a winged heart in your dream represents the power of love and its ability to penetrate through to anyone.	"To dream that your heart is bleeding or aching represents desperation, despair, extreme sadness and sympathy."	To dream that you have a heart transplant or heart surgery indicates a huge change in your personal relationship.								heart_attack	Event	To dream that you have a heart attack refers to a lack of support and acceptance.											heartbeat	Event	To hear a heartbeat in your dream suggests that you are not confronting or recognizing your feelings.											heartbreak	Unknown	To dream that you are going through a heartbreak signifies transitions and changes.											hearth	Structure	"To see the hearth in your dream signifies nurturance, security, and comfort."											heat	Event	To feel heat in your dream indicates a feeling of shame or embarrassment.											heating_pad	Tool	To see or use a heating pad in your dream implies that you are harboring a lot of anger.											heater	Action	"To see or use a heater in your dream signifies warmth, nurturance, and comfort."											heaven	Place	To see heaven in your dream signifies your desires to find perfect happiness.											heavy	Activity	"To dream that something is too heavy symbolizes your burdens, work load and responsibilities."											hedge	Structure	To dream that you are trimming a hedge denotes your acceptance of the restrictions you are facing.											hedgehog	Animal	To see a hedgehog in your dream suggests that you are being overly sensitive.											heel	Place	"To see your heel in your dream signifies oppression, lowliness, and vulnerability."											height	Unknown	To dream that you are at a great height signifies that you have reached one of your highest goals or objectives.											heimlich_maneuver	Activity	To perform the Heimlich Maneuver on someone in your dream suggests that you are trying to get that person to open up to you.	To dream that someone is performing the Heimlich Maneuver on you indicates that you are beginning to open up to others.										helicopter	Conveyance	To see a helicopter in your dream represents your ambitions and achievements.	To dream that you are in a helicopter indicates that you are living beyond your means.	To dream that you are chased or stalked by a helicopter indicates that you are feeling trapped by your aspirations.									helix	Structure	"To see a helix in your dream symbolizes energy, fertility or immortality."											hell	Activity	To dream of hell suggests that you are suffering from a seemingly inescapable situation.											hello_kitty	Unknown	To see Hello Kitty in your dream represents the youthful side of your persona.											helm	Activity	To dream that you are at the helm of a ship represents your willpower and motivation to move forward toward your goals in your life.											helmet	Unknown	To see a helmet in your dream symbolizes protection.											help	Activity	"To dream that you are calling or signaling for help suggests that you are feeling lost, overwhelmed, and/or inadequate."											helpless	Unknown	To dream that you are or feel helpless suggests that you are experiencing difficulties in confronting a situation or relationship.											hem	Unknown	To dream that you are sewing a hem represents your indecisiveness.											hemorrhoid	Illness	To dream that you have hemorrhoids indicate difficulties in accepting who you are and loving yourself.											hen	Animal	To see a hen in your dream symbolizes gossip and calamity.											henna	Substance	To dream that you have a henna tattoo signifies good luck.											herb	Food	To dream of herbs indicate your need to take a new approach toward some situation or relationship.											hercules	Unknown	To see Hercules in your dream suggests your individual struggle for freedom and immortality.											herd	Unknown	To see a herd in your dream indicates that you are a follower.											hermaphrodite	Person	To see or dream that you are a hermaphrodite represents the union of opposites and balance.											hermit	Person	To dream that you are a hermit represents your need to be alone or that you are feeling alone.											hero	Activity	To dream that you are a hero signifies your inner strengths and weaknesses.											heroin	Substance	To use heroin in your dream refers to your desire to escape from the pain of reality instead of confronting them.											heron	Bird	"To see a heron in your dream represents self-reliance, stability, tactfulness and careful forethought."											herpes	Illness	To dream that you or someone has herpes refers to your sexual anxiety and worries.											hershey's_kiss	Unknown	To see a Hershey's Kiss in your dream symbolizes a sweetheart or some sweet love in your life.											hex	Unknown	To dream that you are putting a hex on someone represents your vengeful nature and vindictiveness.	To dream that someone is putting a hex on you symbolizes angry and hurtful feelings.										hexagon	Unknown	To see a hexagon in your dream signifies your direction or position in life as represented by each of the six corner and sides.											hexagram	Unknown	To see a hexagram in your dream symbolizes order and harmony in some aspect of your life.											hibiscus	Plant	To see hibiscus in your dream signifies respect.	To dream that someone gives you hibiscus indicates that you need to take advantage of some opportunity.										hickey	Illness	To dream that you have a hickey represents a split between your rational thinking and your emotional thinking.											hide_'n_seek	Unknown	To dream that you are playing hide 'n seek means that you are keeping some information or secret that you cannot keep inside any longer.											hiding	Activity	To dream that you are hiding suggests that you are keeping some secret or withholding some information.	To dream that someone is hiding indicates that you are looking for a sense of security and protection.										hieroglyphic	Unknown	To see hieroglyphics in your dream denote that you will face many obstacles as you try to figure out your path in life.											high_chair	Unknown	To see a high chair in your dream indicates that you are trying to gain a better perspective on some issue.	To dream that you are sitting on a high chair suggests that you have a tendency to look down on others.										high_five	Unknown	"To dream that you high five someone indicates that you are looking for approval, validation and acknowledgement for your work."											high_heel	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing high heels represent femininity and glamour.											high_school	Unknown	To dream about high school refers to the bonds and friendships that you made while you were in high school.	To dream that you have to repeat high school suggests that you are doubting your accomplishments and the goals that you have already completed.										highlighter	Tool	To see a highlighter marker in your dream represents enlightenment.											highway	Place	To see a highway in your dream represents your sense of direction and your life's path.	To see an elevated highway in your dream implies that you are taking the higher road in some situation.										hiking	Action	To dream that you are hiking represents progress and achievement.											hill	Structure	To dream that you are climbing a hill signifies your struggles in achieving a goal.											hinge	Unknown	To see a hinge in your dream represents your access to opportunities or information.											hippie	Person	To see a hippie in your dream represents excess and freedom of expression.	To dream that you are a hippie suggests that you want to be different.										hippopotamus	Animal	To see a hippopotamus in your dream symbolizes your aggressive nature and your hidden strengths.											hip	Body_Part	To notice your hips in your dream represents your mobility and adaptability to some situation.											history	Unknown	To dream of history suggest that you are regressing in to an earlier time.											hit	Action	To dream that you hit something or someone symbolizes unexpressed anger and aggression.	"To dream that you are almost hit or were ran over by a car suggests that your lifestyle, beliefs or goals may be in conflict with another's."										hit_and_run	Unknown	To dream that you are a victim of a hit and run means that certain aspects of your life beyond your control.											hitchhiking	Unknown	To dream that you are hitchhiking suggests that you have not earned or deserved to be in this position you are at currently.											hitler	Person	"To see Hitler in your dream symbolizes oppression, fear, manipulation of power, and absolute control."											hitman	Person	To dream that you are a hitman or that you hire one indicates that there is some aspect of yourself that you are desperately trying to rid yourself of.											hive	Unknown	To dream that you break out in hives indicate that you are worried about some situation or decision.											hoarding	Structure	To dream that you are hoarding symbolizes selfishness.											hoarse	Unknown	To hear or dream that you have a hoarse voice suggests that you or someone is not being truthful.											hobbit	Unknown	To see or dream that you are a hobbit refers to your potential for greatness.											hobby	Activity	To dream that you are taking up a new hobby suggests that you need to acknowledge your hidden talents or desires.											hockey	Activity	To dream that you are playing or watching hockey is analogous to how you are achieving and protecting of your goals.											hoe	Tool	To see or use a hoe in your dream suggests that you are breaking though the barriers and limits.											hog	Animal	To see a hog in your dream symbolizes abundance.	To see a hog playing in the mud suggests that you are lowering your standards.										hole	Body_Part	To see a hole in the ground denotes hidden aspects of your activities.	To dream that you fall into a hole represents a pitfall in some waking situation.	To dream that there is a hole in your clothing indicates that there are some flaws in your thinking or thought process.									hollow	Place	To dream of something that is hollow represents the womb and nurturance.											holly	Person	To see holly in your dream represents holiday festivities and memories of friends and family.											hollywood	Place	To dream that you are in Hollywood symbolizes fame and glamour.											holocaust	Action	To dream about the Holocaust indicates that you are being unjustly blamed for something.											hologram	Unknown	To see a hologram in your dream suggests that you need to look at the overall picture instead of just at pieces of it in order to get the whole story.											holy_child	Unknown	To see a holy child in your dream indicates that you are undergoing an important transformation in some aspect of your life.											holy_grail	Unknown	To dream that you are on the quest for the Holy Grail indicates wish fulfillment.											holy_water	Substance	To drink or splash holy water in your dream represents a need for spiritual cleansing and rejuvenation.											home	Structure	"To see your home in your dream signifies security, basic needs, and values."											home_improvement	Unknown	To dream of making home improvements or working on home improvement projects refers to improvements that you need to make on yourself.											homecoming	Action	To dream that you are at a homecoming event suggests that you need to acknowledge the past and recognize those former relationships that has brought you to where you are today.											homeless	Person	To dream that you are homeless indicates that you are feeling powerless and insecure.	To dream that there is a homeless family living in your garage indicates that something is missing in your life.										hometown	Place	To dream of your hometown indicates that you may be experiencing some unexpressed feelings.											homework	Activity	To dream that you are doing homework symbolizes the lessons that have learned or are learning.											honey	Food	To see honey in your dream denotes that you need to be less meek and more honest in communicating with others.	To see a honey bear jar in your dream represents a love one.										honeycomb	Structure	To see a honeycomb in your dream suggests that you are trying to hold on to the sweetness and pleasures that you are experiencing in your life.											honeydew	Food	To see or eat honeydew in your dream implies that you are in a relaxed state in your relationship.											honeymoon	Unknown	To dream that you are on your honeymoon indicates that you are expressing some fear in your sex life.											honeysuckle	Plant	To see honeysuckle in your dream symbolizes your ambition and drive.											hood	Person	To see a hood in your dream signifies that you are hiding and cowering from a person or situation.	To see the hood of a car in your dream symbolizes your protective emotional cover.										hoodie	Unknown	To wear a hoodie in your dream signifies warmth and comfort.											hoof	Body_Part	"To see a hoof in your dream represents balance, grace, and discipline."											hookah	Place	To see or smoke a hookah in your dream represents ease and relaxation.											hookie	Unknown	"To dream that you are playing hookie from school or work suggests that you are trying to ""ditch"" or avoid some responsibility."											hoopoe	Bird	To see a hoopoe in your dream signifies betrayal.											hopping	Unknown	To dream that you are hopping implies that you need to get both feet off the ground in order to move forward in life.											hopscotch	Activity	To dream that you are playing hopscotch represents your childish and/or immature behavior.											horizon	Place	To see the horizon in your dream symbolizes a new beginning or a somber conclusion.											horizontal	Unknown	To dream of a horizontal line or something that is horizontal symbolizes the material world and physical plane.											horn	Body_Part	To see or hear a horn in your dream signifies your need to pay attention to your inner voices and intuition.											horoscope	Unknown	To read the horoscopes in your dream indicate that you are expressing some concerns about your future.											horror	Unknown	To dream that you are in horror over something symbolizes genuine fear and parallels your waking feelings of horror.											horse	Animal	"To see a horse in your dream symbolizes strength, power, endurance, virility and sexual prowess."	"To see a black or dark horse in your dream signifies mystery, wildness, and the unknown."	To see a dead horse in your dream indicates that something in your life that initially offered you strength is now gone.	To dream that you are riding a horse suggests that you are in a high position or position of power.	"To see an armored or medieval horse in your dream refers to your fierceness, aggression, power and/or rigidity."	To dream that you are bathing a horse represents a renewal of strength and vigor.	To dream about a talking horse refers to higher knowledge.					horse_trailer	Unknown	To see a horse trailer means that you are underutilizing your power and strength.											horseman	Person	To see a headless horseman in your dream suggests that you are under some negative influence.	To dream that you are a headless horseman implies that you have an inflated sense of power.										horseback_riding	Action	To dream that go horseback riding indicates that you are in a high position or in a position of power.											horserace	Unknown	To dream that you are watching a horserace represents the power and drive you need to move forward in life.											horseradish	Food	To see or taste horseradish in your dream suggests that you have made an overly strong statement.											horseshoe	Unknown	To see a horseshoe in your dream signifies luck and success in your endeavors.											hose	Place	To see a hose in your dream is symbolic of how you are directing and expressing your emotions.											hospital	Building	To see or dream that you are in a hospital symbolizes your need to heal or improve your physical or mental health.											hospitality	Unknown	To dream that you have hospitality denotes your generosity and kindness toward others.											hostage	Person	To dream that you are a hostage indicates that you are feeling victimized or powerless.											hostility	Action	To dream of hostility suggests that you are repressing these feelings in your waking life and they are manifesting in your dream.											hot	Unknown	To dream that you are hot signifies passion and heated emotions.											hot_air_balloon	Unknown	To see or dream that you are in a hot air balloon suggests that it is time to overcome your depression.											hot_chocolate	Food	"To make or drink hot chocolate in your dream symbolizes contentment, warmth and love."											hot_dog	Substance	"To see or eat a hot dog in your dream is phallic symbol representing masculinity, sexual energy, and vigor."											hot_dog_cart	Unknown	To see or eat at a hot dog cart in your dream implies that you are not investing enough time to cater to your emotional or sexual well-being.											hot_pepper	Substance	To see or eat hot pepper in your dream symbolizes your hot temper.											hot_sauce	Food	To see or taste hot sauce in your dream implies that you need to add some pizzazz to your life.											hot_spring	Unknown	To see a hot spring in your dream symbolizes relaxation.											hot_tub	Unknown	To dream that you are in a hot tub indicates that you are unveiling aspects of your subconscious.											hotel	Building	To see a hotel in your dream signifies a new state of mind or a shift in personal identity.											hound	Animal	To see a hound in your dream indicates that you are sticking your nose into other people's business.											hour	Unknown	To dream about the hour refers to a passage of time.	"To dream about happy hour represents sensual enjoyment, stimulation, and relaxation."										hourglass	Tool	To see an hourglass in your dream denotes that time is running out for you.											house	Activity	To see a house in your dream represents your own soul and self.	To see an abandoned house in your dream implies that you have left behind your past.	To dream that you are cleaning your house signifies your need to clear out your thoughts and get rid of old ways.									house_sitting	Unknown	To dream that you are house sitting means that you are tending to the needs of others and putting their needs first instead of your needs.											houseboat	Conveyance	To see or live in a houseboat in your dream suggests that you are extremely in tune with your emotions.											houseguest	Person	To dream that you have a houseguest represents your accommodating nature.											housekeeper	Person	To dream that you have a housekeeper indicates that someone may be trying to run your life from the sideline or background.											housewife	Person	To dream that you are a housewife suggests that your work is never done.											housework	Activity	To dream that you are doing housework suggests that you are making changes in your lifestyle and the way you are living.											hovercraft	Conveyance	To see or ride in a hovercraft in your dream signifies your ability to adapt to various environments and situations.											howling	Unknown	To dream that you are howling represents wounded feelings and hidden fears.	To hear howling in your dream refers to loneliness or solitude.										hugging	Unknown	To dream that you are hugging someone symbolizes your loving and caring nature.	To dream that someone is hugging you suggests that you need to let down your guard and allow your true feelings to show.										hula_dancing	Unknown	To see hula dancing in your dream symbolizes joy.											hula_hoop	Unknown	To see a hula hoop or to hula hoop in your dream indicates that some aspect of your life is taking you in circles.											hula_skirt	Unknown	To see or wear a hula skirt in your dream signifies your need for more leisure time or your desires to escape.											humid	Unknown	To dream that it is humid suggests that you may be lacking some understanding in a situation.											humidifier	Unknown	To see or use a humidifier in your dream suggests that you are looking for a fresh infusion of ideas within your creative or work life.											hummer	Action	To see or drive a Hummer in your dream suggests that you have little or no regard for others.											humming	Activity	To dream that your ear is humming or that you hear humming suggests that you need to have some balance in your life.											hummingbird	Bird	To see hummingbirds in your dream suggest that seemingly small ideas and concepts can possess much potential and power.											humpty_dumpty	Unknown	To see Humpty Dumpty in your dream suggests that you need to exercise care in some fragile situation.											hunchback	Person	To see a hunchback in your dream indicates that you are feeling burdened by your daily responsibilities and problems.											hunting	Activity	"To dream that you are hunting suggests that you are seeking or pursuing some inner desire, either emotional or physical."	To see someone else hunting an animal in your dream suggests that you are trying to locate a hidden aspect of your own self.										hurricane	Unknown	To see a hurricane in your dream indicates sudden unexpected changes occurring in your life.	To dream that you are swept up in a hurricane suggests that both your mental and emotional forces are building up inside and making themselves known.										hurry	Action	To dream that you are in a hurry suggests that may be unprepared for a situation.											hurt	Action	To dream that you are hurt signifies wounded emotions or feelings that you may have suppressed.											husband	Person	To see your husband in your dream signifies the waking relationship with your husband and the subconscious feelings you have towards him.	To dream that you have a husband (but you do not in your waking life) symbolizes some sort of partnership and/or commitment.	To dream that your husband has no teeth or is wearing dentures implies that he is not being honest or truthful about some matter.	To dream that you are searching for your husband implies that you feel he is not always there for you.								hut	Structure	To see or live in a hut in your dream represents the basic necessities and comforts.											hyacinth	Plant	To see hyacinth in your dream symbolizes severe jealousy.											hydra	Invertebrate	To see a hydra in your dream signifies a huge obstacle that is standing in your way toward your goals.											hydrant	Place	To see a hydrant in your dream symbolizes renewal and rejuvenation.	To dream of a bursting fire hydrant indicates an outburst of emotions.										hydroplane	Conveyance	To see a hydroplane in your dream suggests that you will get through an emotional issue with relative ease.											hyena	Animal	To see a hyena in your dream indicates greed or uncleanness.											hypnotist	Person	To dream that you are a hypnotist represents your powerful influence over others.											hypothermia	Unknown	To dream that you have hypothermia suggests that you are feeling emotionally numb.											hysterectomy	Activity	To dream that you have a hysterectomy indicates that you are going into new stage of growth in your life.											ibis	Bird	"To see an ibis in your dream symbolizes devotion, perseverance and aspirations."											ice	Building	To see ice in your dream suggests that you are lacking a flow of ideas and thoughts.	To dream that you slip on ice symbolizes your insecurities and self-esteem issues.	To dream that you fall through ice suggests that your emotions are threatening to come crashing through.	To dream of melting ice implies that you are slowly warming up to a situation.								ice_cream	Food	"To see or eat ice cream in your dream denotes good luck, pleasure, success in love and satisfaction with your life."	"To dream that you are eating bad or sour ice cream signifies sorrow, disillusionment, or betrayal."	To see ice cream melt in your dream symbolizes failure to realize your hopes and desires.									ice_cream_truck	Unknown	To see an ice cream truck in your dream refers to opportunities that can potentially pass you by.											ice_maker	Unknown	To see an ice maker in your dream indicates that you are shutting others out and closing off your emotions.											ice_pick	Tool	To see an ice pick in your dream represents suppression of your cold feelings.											ice_sculpture	Unknown	To see an ice sculpture in your dream indicates that a situation or event has caused your life to come to a standstill.											ice_skating	Activity	To dream that you or others are ice skating suggests that you need to trust in yourself and your actions.											iceberg	Substance	To see an iceberg in your dream suggests that you are not utilizing your fullest potential and strengths.											icicle	Substance	To see icicles in your dream indicate a problem or concern that has been lingering over you.	To see icicles forming in your dream symbolize difficulties in your life.										icing	Action	To put icing on a cake or pastry indicates that you are behaving superficially.	"To see or eat icing in your dream suggests that what may seem good in the beginning, will ultimately be unsatisfying and unfulfilling."										ideal	Person	To dream that you meet the ideal person suggests that you may be too unrealistic.											idiot	Person	To dream that you are an idiot or call somebody one indicates that you are making a situation more difficult than it need by.											igloo	Structure	"To see or live in an igloo in your dream symbolizes someone who appears cold and frigid on the outside, but is really a warm and caring person on the inside."											ignition	Action	To turn the ignition in your dream suggests that you are set to move forward toward your goals.											iguana	Animal	"To see an iguana in your dream represents harshness, cold-heartedness or fierceness."											illness	Illness	"To dream that you have an illness denotes despair, unpleasant changes, or some emotional breakdown."											illumination	Unknown	To see a strange illumination in your dream represents thoughts from the primal aspects and less developed parts of your subconscious.											imitation	Activity	To dream that you are being imitated suggests that you are setting an example of yourself.											immaculate_conception	Unknown	To dream of an immaculate conception indicates that you are opening up yourself to a new level of spirituality or consciousness.											immobile	Unknown	To dream that you are immobile signifies feelings of being trapped.											immortal	Person	"To dream that you are immortal represents longevity, continuity, or fearlessness."											imp	Person	To see an imp in your dream represents chaos and disorder.											implant	Tool	To dream that you get or have breast implants refer to your body image issues.											implosion	Event	To see an implosion in your dream symbolizes controlled anger.											imposter	Person	To dream that you have an imposter suggests that you are trying to be someone you are not.											in-law	Person	To see your in-law in your dream represents a working relationship which has many different possibilities.											inauguration	Action	To dream of an inauguration signifies personal growth or a rise in your current status.											incense	Substance	To dream that you are burning incense indicates spiritual learning.											incoherent	Unknown	To dream that you are incoherent symbolizes extreme nervousness or excitement.											income	Unknown	To dream about your income indicates financial concerns and worries.											incompetent	Person	To dream that you or someone is incompetent indicates your own feelings of insecurity.											incredible_hulk	Unknown	"To see or dream that you are the Incredible Hulk suggests that you need to better control your emotions, especially your anger."											incubator	Unknown	To see an incubator in your dream suggests that you need some stability and calmness in your life.	To dream that you are in an incubator indicates that you have been acting prematurely.										incubus	Person	To see or dream of an incubus symbolizes some deep fear.											indecision	Unknown	To dream that you are indecisive reflects your waking state of indecision.											independent	Person	To dream that you are independent represents endless possibilities.											india	Place	To dream that you are in India depends on your own personal associations with the country.											indian	Person	To see an Indian in your dream represents the primitive and instinctual aspect of yourself.											indifferent	Unknown	To dream that you are being indifferent suggests that you are trying to hide your true concerns.	To dream that someone is indifferent towards you implies that you are unsure of their intentions or feelings.										indigo	Plant	To see indigo in your dream suggests that you are taking advantage of others.											indigestion	Illness	To dream that you have indigestion suggests that there is an issue or problem plaguing you.											infant	Person	To see an infant in your dream represents a brand new project.											infection	Event	To dream that you have an infection indicates negative thoughts and ideas that you have internalized.											infertile	Unknown	To dream that you are infertile represents a lack of creativity.											infestation	Unknown	To dream of an infestation points to problems and issues that you have ignored or avoided for too long.											infidelity	Unknown	To dream of infidelity (either by you or someone else) represents issues of abandonment and neglect in a relationship.											infinity	Unknown	To see the infinity symbol in your dream represents time and longevity.											inflatable_bed	Unknown	To see or sleep on an inflatable bed refers to a temporary situation or relationship.											information_booth	Unknown	To see or dream that you are in front of an information booth indicates hat you are looking for advice and for some direction in your life.											infringement	Activity	To dream of an infringement indicates that you are infringing on another's (dm) copyright.											inhaling	Unknown	To dream that you are inhaling represents wish fulfillment.											inheritance	Action	To dream that you receive an inheritance represents the opportunities that are available to you in your waking life.											initial	Unknown	To see initials in your dream may be a pun on a phrase or a metaphor.											initiation	Action	To dream of an initiation indicates that you are pursuing a new path or goal.											ink	Substance	To see ink in your dream represents creativity.	To see bottles of ink in your dream suggest that a solution to your problem will soon become apparent.										inn	Building	To see an inn in your dream represents a transition in your waking life.											inner_tube	Place	To see an inner tube in your dream represents the Self.											inquisition	Event	To dream that you are part of an inquisition indicates feelings of guilt.											inscription	Activity	To see an inscription in your dream signifies a message from your subconscious.											insecticide	Substance	To see or use an insecticide in your dream implies that you need to rid yourself of some anxiety in your life.											inside	Place	To dream that you are inside suggests that you need to take time for some self introspection.											inside_out	Unknown	To dream that your clothes are worn inside out represents your non-conformist attitude.	To turn your clothes inside out in your dream suggests that you are trying to protect yourself against something.										insomnia	Illness	To dream that you have insomnia indicates that you are feeling overwhelmed.											instant_message	Unknown	To dream that you receive an instant message signifies an urgent message from your subconscious.	To dream that you are sending an instant message represents your connection to others and your network of friendships.										instruction	Activity	To follow or read instructions in your dream suggests that you are seeking some advice on what you should do next.											instrument	Action	To see musical instruments in your dream indicate the expectation of fun and pleasures.	To see surgical or medical instruments in your dream mean that you need to carefully plan out your next move.										insulation	Activity	To see or install insulation in your dream symbolizes protection and warmth.											insult	Activity	To dream that you insult someone indicates that you are feeling insecure about a waking relationship or situation.											insurance	Unknown	To dream that you are buying insurance refers to a lack of trust.											intercom	Unknown	To see or use an intercom in your dream suggests that you are always readily available to those who need your help.	To hear a voice over an intercom represents messages from your subconscious.										interest	Activity	To dream that you are earning interest in an account implies that your hard work will pay off in the long run.											internet	Unknown	To dream of the internet signifies your need to connect and communicate with a larger network of people.											interpreter	Person	To see or use an interpreter in your dream suggests that there is an issue or problem that you are having difficulties understanding.											intersection	Action	To dream that you are at an intersection represents a decision or choice that you need to make in order to progress forward.											interstate	Place	To see a highway in your dream represents your sense of direction and your life's path.	To see an elevated highway in your dream implies that you are taking the higher road in some situation.										interview	Event	To dream that you are at an interview denotes your anxiety over being judged by others.											intestine	Body_Part	To see intestines in your dream signify compassion.											intoxicated	Unknown	To dream that you are intoxicated indicates that you are losing control of some situation.											intravenous_drip	Event	To see or have an intravenous drip in your dream represents a time for healing.											intruder	Person	To see an intruder in your dream represents your feelings of guilt.											invalid	Person	To see an invalid in your dream suggests that you are feeling weak and vulnerable.											invasion	Activity	To dream of an invasion represents your need to be more assertive.											inventor	Person	To see an inventor in your dream symbolizes your achievements.	To dream that you are an inventor represents your creative side and aspirations.										inventory	Activity	To dream that you are taking or counting inventory symbolizes abundance.											inversion_table	Unknown	To see or use an inversion table in your dream implies that you need to look at something from an entirely different angle or perspective.											investigator	Person	To see a detective in your dream signifies the thrills and dangers in some aspect of your waking life.	To dream that you are a detective indicates that you are searching for your hidden abilities and talents.	To dream that you are being followed by a detective signifies guilt.									investment	Action	To dream that you are making an investment represents your preparation for the future.											invincible	Unknown	To dream that you are invincible symbolizes power and confidence.											invisible	Unknown	To dream that you are invisible signifies feelings of not being noticed or recognized for what is important to you.											invitation	Event	To see or respond to an invitation in your dream suggests that you need to join or incorporate certain characteristics into yourself.											iodine	Substance	To see iodine in your dream suggests that you need to pace yourself in whatever you do.											ipod	Unknown	To see or listen to an iPod in your dream indicates a need for enjoyment.											iris	Tool	"To see an iris in your dream symbolizes wisdom, faith, valor, peace and purity."											iron	Tool	"To see iron metal in your dream symbolizes harshness, anger, aggression, ruthlessness, and conflict."	"To see red, hot iron in your dream represents action."	"To see old, rusty iron in your dream signifies poverty and disappointment."									ironing	Activity	To dream that you are ironing signifies domestic comfort and orderliness.	"To dream that you burn your hands while ironing signify loss of tranquility, illness, or jealousy."										island	Place	"To see or dream that you are on an island signifies ease, relaxation and comfort."	To dream that you are stranded on an island suggests that you need to get away from the demands of your daily life.										israel	Place	To dream that you are going or in Israel indicates that you are experiencing some personal spiritual unrest.											itch	Illness	To dream that you have an itch refers to sexual urges.											ivory	Substance	"To see ivory in your dream symbolizes purity, strength, and endurance."											ivy	Plant	To see ivy in your dream symbolizes longevity and immortality.	To see withered ivy in your dream denotes broken engagements and sadness.										jack	Animal	To see or use a jack in your dream suggests that you are looking for balance in your life.											jack_frost	Unknown	To see Jack Frost in your dream represents someone who is cold or distant.											jack_in_the_box	Unknown	To see or play with a jack in the box toy in your dream signifies a pleasant surprise.											jack_o'_lantern	Unknown	To see a Jack O' Lantern in your dream represents a force or spirit that is protecting over you.	To carve a Jack O' Lantern in your dream suggests that you are trying to put on a tough or mean face.										jackal	Animal	To see a jackal in your dream refers to manipulation.											jackdaw	Bird	To see a jackdaw in your dream suggests that you need to be more sharing and giving.											jacket	Place	To see or wear a jacket in your dream represents the image that you want to present and project to the outside world.											jackfruit	Food	To see or eat jackfruit in your dream symbolizes fertility and abundance.											jackhammer	Machine	To see a jackhammer in your dream suggests that you need to make some drastic changes in your life.											jackpot	Unknown	To see or win a jackpot in your dream suggests that you are too impulsive and relying too much on fate.											jack	Animal	To play with jacks in your dream symbolizes your ability to take advantage of what life has to offer.											jacuzzi	Unknown	To dream that you are in a Jacuzzi suggests that you need to cleanse your emotions and rid yourself of all the negativity you are experiencing in your sex life.											jade	Animal	"To see jade in your dream indicates growth, healing power, purity, harmony, luck, immortality, and truth."											jaguar	Animal	"To see a jaguar in your dream represents speed, agility, and power."											jail	Structure	"To dream that you are in jail suggests that you are feeling restrained or censored in your work environment, relationship or situation in your life."											jailbreak	Action	To dream that you are breaking out of jail refers to your desire or need to escape from a restrictive situation or relationship.											jailer	Person	"To see a jailer in your dream suggests that you are being restrained in some way, either by your own belief system or by someone."											jam	Event	"To dream that you are eating jam signifies pleasant surprises, sweet things and new discoveries."	To dream that you are making jam refers to a happy home life.	To dream that you are spreading jam indicates that you may be spreading yourself too thin.									janitor	Person	To see or dream that you are a janitor suggests that you need to work on cleaning up an aspect of your life.											january	Unknown	To dream of the month of January signifies loss of love and broken companionship.											japan	Place	To dream about Japan or that you are in Japan depends on your own personal associations with the country.											jar	Event	To see a jar in your dream symbolizes the feminine womb.	To see a honey bear jar in your dream represents a love one.										jasmine	Plant	"To see jasmine in your dream signifies love, beauty, protection and happiness."											jasper	Substance	To see jasper in your dream signifies longevity and healing.	To dream that a jasper stone is placed in your mouth means that the truth of some matter will soon be revealed to you.										jaundice	Illness	To dream that you or someone has jaundice indicates indecision.											javelin	Weapon	To dream that you are stabbed by a javelin signifies a threat to your safety and freedom.											jaw	Tool	"To see your own jaw in your dream represents your stubbornness, determination and forcefulness."	To dream that you break or dislocate your jaw suggests that you are compromising your own beliefs and principles.										jawbreaker	Food	"To see or eat a jawbreaker in your dream indicates that a situation may look tempting and inviting, but it is in actuality very difficult to handle and control."											jay_leno	Unknown	To see Jay Leno in your dream suggests that you are looking for some comic relief.											jaybird	Bird	To see a jaybird in your dream suggests that you are being too arrogant and overly confident of your abilities.											jealousy	Unknown	To dream that you are jealous of another person signifies that such feelings may be carried over from your waking life.											jekyll_and_hyde	Person	To dream that you are Jekyll and Hyde indicates that you are battling between good and evil.											jedi	Unknown	To dream that you are a Jedi indicates that you are in tune with your spiritual powers.	To see a Jedi in your dream symbolizes the challenges in your life and the difficult decisions you are confronted with.										jeep	Conveyance	To see a jeep in your dream suggests that you need to adopt a more active lifestyle.											jelly	Food	To see or eat jelly in your dream represents insight into a situation you have been wondering about.											jellyfish	Invertebrate	To see a jellyfish in your dream represents painful memories that is emerging from your subconscious.											jerk	Action	To feel a sudden jerk or twitch in your dream may be an actual physical contraction of your muscles usually occurring just as you are fall asleep.											jester	Person	To see a jester in your dream indicates that trivial matters and silly pastimes will divert your attention from more important issues.											jesus	Person	To see Jesus in your dream foretells that your greatest desires and goals will be realized.	"To dream that Jesus speaks to you or that you are praying with Him signifies that you will be blessed with true peace of mind, joy and contentment."	To dream that Jesus releases a white dove represents a message from the Holy Spirit and spreading the word of God.	To call the name of Jesus Christ in your dream implies your need for help.								jet	Event	"To see a jet flying overhead in your dream signifies speed, pride or power."	To see a jet stone in your dream signifies a period of mourning and sadness.										jet_pack	Unknown	To see or wear a jet pack in your dream suggests that you are being propelled to a position of power.											jet_ski	Unknown	To see or dream that you are on a jet ski represents a journey of self-discovery.											jetty	Structure	To dream that you are on a jetty means that you are delving into your emotions.	To see a jetty in your dream implies that you are trying to create a sense of calm around yourself.										jewelry	Unknown	To see jewelry in your dream signifies status and your own sense of self worth and personal value.	To dream that you receive jewelry as a gift indicates that you need to acknowledge and incorporate those corresponding qualities within your own self.	To see broken jewelry in your dream signifies disappointments in achieving your goals and attaining your highest desires.	To dream that you are wearing too much jewelry means that you are trying to hard to impress others.								jewelry_box	Unknown	"To see a jewelry box in your dream represents your sense of self-worth, self-value, and potential."											jewel	Person	To see or wear jewels in your dream signify a value within yourself or within others in which you admire and cherish.	To find jewels in your dream signify a rapid climb to success.										jig	Activity	To dream that you are dancing a jig symbolizes joviality and light hearted fun.											jigsaw_puzzle	Unknown	To see a jigsaw puzzle in your dream represents a mental challenge or a problem in your waking life that you need to solve.											jitterbug	Activity	"To dance the jitterbug in your dream refers to your positive, upbeat and enthusiastic attitude."											job	Activity	To dream that you are looking for a job suggests that you are feeling unfulfilled and frustrated in a current phase of your life.	To dream about your current job suggests that you need to work harder or be more effective at work.	To dream that you lose your job represents instability and insecurity in your waking life.									jockey	Person	To see or dream that you are a jockey suggests that you are in an elevated position.											jockstrap	Unknown	To see or wear a jockstrap in your dream indicates that you are feeling vulnerable or weak in some sexual situation.											jogging	Activity	To dream that you are jogging suggests that you are proceeding through life at a steady pace.											joint	Substance	To dream that you are having joint problems suggest that things are not coming together the way you want it to.											joke	Activity	To dream that you are telling a joke denotes that you are not being taken seriously and as a result you are feeling frustrated.	To hear a joke in your dream signifies that you are doing something that is either pointless or ridiculous.										joker	Substance	To see the joker card in your dream indicates endless possibilities.											joshua_tree	Plant	"To see a Joshua Tree in your dream symbolizes spirituality, purity and natural achievement."											journal	Tool	To write or read a journal in your dream suggests that you are trying to change or rewrite the past in order to suit your own needs.	To dream that someone is reading your journal indicates that there is a secret you are keeping.										journey	Action	"To dream that you are going on a journey signifies profits, self-discovery or progress."	To dream that your friends go on a journey signifies a welcoming and harmonious change.	To dream of the band Journey represents advice that some of their songs may offer in some waking situation.									jousting	Unknown	To joust in your dream signifies your determination and drive to push forward in any circumstance.	To watch a jousting match in your dream indicates that you need to be more direct about a problem or situation that you are trying to deal with.										jubilee	Unknown	To dream of a jubilee signifies pleasurable endeavors.											judge	Person	To see a judge in your dream denotes feelings of guilt.											jug	Unknown	To see a jug in your dream symbolizes innocence abstinence and virginity.	To see an empty jug in your dream implies that something is lacking in your life.	To see a broken or cracked jug in your dream signifies infidelity.									juggling	Activity	To dream that you are juggling indicates that you are trying to do too much at one time.											juice	Substance	To drink juice in your dream represents the gift of life and vitality.											juicer	Tool	To see or use a juicer in your dreams suggests that you are in need of more energy.											jukebox	Machine	To see a jukebox in your dream suggests that you are not trying your hardest.											julius_caesar	Individual	To see Julius Caesar in your dream points to your own drive and leadership abilities.											july	Unknown	"To dream of the month of July signifies hope, knowledge or productivity."											jumping	Action	To dream that you are jumping indicates that you need to take a risk and go for it.											jumping_jack	Unknown	To dream that you are doing jumping jacks signifies your need for more balance in your life.											jumper_cable	Tool	To see or use booster cables in your dream suggests that you need to get a jumpstart on your goals.											june	Unknown	To dream of the month of June signifies gains and progress in your endeavors.											jungle	Place	To dream that you are in a jungle signifies aspects of yourself and your personality that may be inhibited.											juniper	Substance	To see a juniper tree in your dream indicates that you need to take the negative with the positive.											junk	Conveyance	To see junk in your dream symbolizes your need to get rid of and discard old ways of thinking and old habits.											junk_mail	Unknown	To see or receive junk mail in your dream indicates that you need to stop dwelling on minor details.											junkyard	Place	"To dream that you in a junkyard represents fear, frustration, and anger which you have repressed and kept inside."											jupiter	Unknown	"To see Jupiter in your dream symbolizes creativity, energy, success, optimism, generosity, pleasure and extravagance."											jury	Unknown	To see a jury in your dream suggests that you are placed under scrutiny by others.	To dream that you are part of a jury indicates your tendency to pass judgment on others.										jury_duty	Event	To dream that you have jury duty signifies the importance of your belief and opinions.											justice	Event	To dream about justice refers to feelings that you have been wronged or treated unfairly.											kaleidoscope	Unknown	To see a kaleidoscope in your dream symbolizes the different fragments and facets that make up character.											kali	Plant	"To see the Hindu goddess, Kali in your dream symbolizes the protective mother."											kangaroo	Animal	To see a kangaroo in your dream refers to maternal and paternal protection.	To dream that a kangaroo attacks you indicates that your reputation is being called into question.										karaoke	Activity	To dream that you are taking part in karaoke suggests that you are too overly confident in your abilities.											karate	Activity	To dream that you are doing karate suggests that you need to direct your energy and concentrate them toward your goals.											karma	Event	To dream about karma represents your relationships and what you give and receive from others.											katydids	Unknown	To see katydids in your dream represents your lackadaisical attitude.	To hear katydids in your dream signify your over-reliance on others.										kayak	Conveyance	To see a kayak or go kayaking in your dream indicates that you are emotionally well balanced.											keel	Tool	To dream of the keel represents emotional balance and strength.											keepsake	Unknown	To dream of a keepsake represents your acceptance to love and being loved.											keg	Unknown	To see a keg in your dream symbolizes your struggles against adversity.											kelp	Unknown	To see kelp in your dream symbolizes the emotional difficulties that you experience in life.											kennel	Building	To dream that you are at the kennel indicates that you are feeling shut out of some situation or relationship.											kerosene	Substance	"To see or use kerosene in your dream symbolizes vigor, vitality and power."											ketchup	Food	"To see or eat ketchup in your dream represents simplicity, youth, and happiness."											kettle	Tool	To see a kettle in your dream symbolizes the mundane aspects of your life.	To see a kettle of boiling water in your dreams signifies great and laborious work ahead.										key	Tool	"To see a key in your dream symbolizes opportunities, access, control, secrets, freedom, knowledge or responsibilities."											key_chain	Unknown	To see a key chain in your dream indicates your ability to adapt to most any situations.											key_maker	Unknown	To see a key maker in your dream suggests that there is something that you need help to unlock or uncover.											keyboard	Tool	To see a computer keyboard in your dream indicates that there is a message that you need to get out or an idea that you need to share.	To see or play a musical keyboard in your dream represents harmony.										keyhole	Unknown	To dream that you are peeping through a keyhole suggests that you do not have full view of some situation.	To dream that someone is looking through a keyhole suggests that your privacy is being invaded.										khaki	Unknown	To wear khakis in your dream suggest that there is something that you are not seeing clearly on.											kid	Animal	"To see a kid (baby goat) in your dream represents a small lapse in judgment Alternatively, it may mean that you are spending too much time on pleasure and leisure."											kidney	Body_Part	To dream of your kidneys represent a need for cleansing.											killing	Action	To dream that you have been killed suggests that your actions are disconnected from your emotions and conscience.											killer	Animal	To see a killer in your dream suggests that an essential aspect of your emotions have been cut off.											killer_whale	Animal	To see a killer whale in your dream indicates that you need to be more social or more vocal about something.											kilt	Unknown	To see or wear a kilt in your dream signifies kinship camaraderie and masculinity.											kimono	Unknown	To see or wear a kimono in your dream symbolizes Japan.											kindergarten	Unknown	To dream that you are in kindergarten suggests that you are going through a transitional phase in your life.											king	Substance	To see a king in your dream indicates that success and prestige are within reach.	To dream that you are the king represents your masculine power.										king_kong	Unknown	To see King Kong in your dream represents an imposing obstacle which is blocking your progress.											kingfisher	Bird	To see a kingfisher in your dream symbolizes calmness and dignity.											kiosk	Structure	To see a kiosk in your dream signifies your openness and receptiveness toward some relationship.											kiss	Action	"To dream of a kiss denotes love, affection, tranquility, harmony, and contentment."											kitchen	Structure	"To see a kitchen in your dream signifies your need for warmth, spiritual nourishment and healing."											kite	Bird	"To dream that you are flying a kite suggests that even though you have high ambitions and goals, you still remain well-grounded."	To see a kite in your dream symbolizes your spiritual or childlike awareness.										kitten	Animal	To see a kitten in your dream represents a transitional phase toward independence.	To dream that you kill a kitten in your dream indicates that you have trouble expressing yourself in a personal relationship.	To dream that a kitten turns into a puppy signifies a transformation in your personal life.	To dream that you rescue a kitten on the highway refers to your desire to help those headed in the wrong path or in the wrong direction.								kiwi	Bird	To see or eat a kiwi fruit in your dream suggests a need to be reenergized or revitalized.	To see a kiwi bird in your dream indicates that there is a situation that you are trying to avoid or hide from.										kleenex	Substance	To see or use a Kleenex tissue in your dream indicates that it is time to let go of the past and move on.											knapsack	Unknown	"To see or carry a knapsack in your dream represents your hopes, desires, and secrets."											knife	Tool	"To dream that you are carrying a knife signifies anger, aggression and/or separation."											knife_grinder	Unknown	To see a knife grinder in your dream signifies a loss of freedom.											knight	Person	"To see a knight in your dream signifies honor, loyalty, protection and security."											knitting	Activity	"To dream that you are knitting signifies a quiet, peaceful and loving home life."	To dream that you have difficulties knitting means that you are avoiding some issue.	To see knitting needles in your dream suggest that you are manipulating a situation in order to get a desired outcome.									knob	Structure	To see a knob in your dream signifies turning issues or conditions around you.											knocker	Tool	To see or use a knocker in your dream symbolizes opportunities and welcomed expectations.											knocking	Event	To hear knocking in your dreams suggests that your subconscious is trying to attract your attention to some aspect of yourself or to some waking situation.											knot	Bird	To see knots in your dream signify your worries over minor problems and small matters.											knuckle	Body_Part	To see knuckles in your dream represent hard work and diligence.											koala	Animal	"To see a koala in your dream represents your link the physical world, the subconscious, and the spiritual realm."											koi_fish	Unknown	To see a koi fish in your dream indicates that you need to put aside your pride and ego and not let it get in the way of friendships and relationships.	"To see or keep a koi fish pond in your dream represents love, affection and friendship."										komodo_dragon	Animal	To see a komodo dragon in your dream means that you need to be more flexible in your thinking or decision making.											kookaburra	Bird	To see a kookaburra in your dream means that you are not taking things seriously enough.											koran	Unknown	To see or read the Koran in your dream indicates a message from your subconscious or your higher self.											kraken	Unknown	To see the Kraken in your dream indicates that all that anger you have suppressed is coming to the surface in a violent way.											krishna	Unknown	To see Krishna in your dream symbolizes divine love and spiritual knowledge.											kumquat	Food	To see kumquats in your dream symbolize luck and prosperity.											l	Letter	"To see the letter ""L"" in your dream is symbolic of loser."											lab_coat	Unknown	To see or wear a lab coat in your dream symbolizes your protective nature.											label	Event	To dream that you are labeling something represents your need for organization and order.	To dream that a label is missing on something indicates that you are feeling lost.										laboratory	Place	"To dream that you are in a laboratory suggests that you are experimenting with your inner feelings, beliefs, or fears."											labyrinth	Body_Part	To see or dream that you are in a labyrinth indicates your desires to get to the center of some issue or problem.											lace	Unknown	To see lace in your dream points to your sensuality and femininity.											lacrosse	Activity	To watch or play lacrosse in your dream symbolizes teamwork and cooperation.											lactating	Unknown	To dream that you are lactating refers to your strong maternal bond and instincts.											ladder	Place	To dream that you are climbing up a ladder suggests that you have reached a new level of achievement.	To dream that you are climbing down a ladder suggests that you are escaping from your spiritual responsibilities.	To dream that you are walking under a ladder signifies bad luck.	To dream that someone is holding a ladder for you indicates that you will find success if you have the support of others.	"To dream that you fall from a ladder denotes the hardships, risks or failures you are faced with in your endeavors."	To see a broken ladder in your dream indicates consistent failures in your undertakings.	To dream that you escape by means of a ladder signifies that you will be successful after much struggle and obstacles.					ladle	Unknown	To see a ladle in your dream suggests that you are being nourished with love.	To see a broken ladle denotes grief and sorrow in love.										ladybug	Invertebrate	To see a ladybug in your dream symbolizes beauty and good luck.											lagoon	Unknown	To see a lagoon in your dream signifies some misunderstanding and doubt in what you are saying.											lair	Place	To see or dream that you are in an animal lair symbolizes your subconscious mind.											lake	Substance	To see a lake in your dream signifies your emotional state of mind.											lamb	Animal	To see a lamb in your dream symbolizes deception.	To dream that you are holding a lamb in your arms refers to the sacrifices in your life.										lamborghini	Unknown	To see or drive a Lamborghini in your dream suggests that you are moving too quickly and aggressively in some area of your life.											lame	Person	To dream that you or someone is lame signifies disappointments and failures in realizing your hopes and desires.											lament	Unknown	To lament for something in your dream indicates that you are still in mourning over a loss.											lamia	Unknown	To see Lamia in your dream suggests that you are rejecting your inner child.											lamp	Tool	"To see a lamp in your dream symbolizes guidance, hope, inspiration, enlightenment and reassurance."	To see a broken lamp in your dream suggests that you are shutting out those who are trying to help you.										lamppost	Tool	To see a lamppost in your dream indicates that light needs to be shed on some dark situation.											lampshade	Unknown	To see a lampshade in your dream indicates that you are seeking protection from some intense energy or power.											lanai	Structure	To see or dream that you are in a lanai indicates that you are open-mined and easy-going.											lance	Tool	To see a lance in your dream represents initiative and direction.	To dream that you are wounded by a lance denotes that you have made a poor judgment and are facing the consequences.										land	Activity	To see land in your dream represents your need to be more grounded or down to earth.	To see rocky or barren land denotes failure in your undertakings.										land_mine	Tool	To see or set a land mine in your dream suggests that you are under some extreme pressure or stress.											landau	Conveyance	To dream that you are riding in a landau represents light-hearted companionships.	To see an overturned landau in your dream indicates that the good times are about to come to an abrupt end.										landfill	Unknown	To see a landfill in your dream represents ideas that you have discarded.											landing	Action	To see the landing of an aircraft in your dream signifies completion of a journey or some task.											landlord	Person	To see your landlord in your dream represents the part of yourself that is always in control.											landscape	Place	To dream of various landscapes in your dream represent where you are in your life or in your relationships.											landslide	Event	To see a landslide in your dream represents emotions that you have been holding back for a long time.											language	Unknown	To dream that you are studying a language suggests that you are having difficulties expressing your thoughts.	To hear foul or vulgar language in your dream signifies an embarrassing situation.	To hear or speak a foreign language in your dream indicates a message from your subconscious that you do not yet understand.									lantern	Tool	To see or carry a lantern in your dream represents the feelings and wisdom that are radiating from within you.											lap	Action	To notice your lap in your dream implies opportunities or problems.	To dream that you are sitting on someone's lap represents your search for stability and security.	To dream that you are holding someone on your lap signifies your caring and supportive nature.									lap_dance	Unknown	To give or perform a lap dance in your dream suggests that you may be repressing your sexual desires.	To see or receive a lap dance in your dream indicates your need for a little more excitement in your sex life.										lapis	Unknown	To see a lapis in your dream suggests that no one is perfect.											laptop	Machine	To see or use a laptop in your dream represents your need to reach out and communicate with others in any circumstance.	To dream that your laptop is missing or stolen indicates that you are relying too much on your social network.										lard	Substance	To see or eat lard in your dream suggests that you need to be vigilant about cutting out the negativities in your life.											large	Unknown	To see a big figure in your dream represents authority and power.											larva	Animal	To see a larva in your dream symbolizes a rebirth.											laryngitis	Illness	To dream that you have laryngitis indicates a loss of identity and a lack of personal power.											las_vegas	Place	To dream that you are in Las Vegas refers to excess and overindulgence.											lasagna	Substance	To see or eat lasagna in your dream symbolizes warmth and comfort.											laser	Tool	To see a laser in your dream symbolizes clarity and truth.											lasso	Person	"To dream that you are swinging a lasso suggests that there is some situation, object or relationship that you are trying to hold on to."											latch	Tool	To see a latch in your dream symbolizes your sense of security.											late	Unknown	To dream that you are late signifies your fear of change and your ambivalence about seizing an opportunity.											latin	Person	To dream that you are studying Latin indicates your position of prominence and distinction.											laudanum	Substance	To dream that you or someone is taking laudanum represents your lack of willpower.											laughing	Unknown	To hear laughing or dream that you are laughing suggests that you need to lighten up and let go of your problems.	"To hear evil, demonic laughing in your dream represents feelings of humiliation and/or helplessness."										laughing_gas	Substance	To inhale laughing gas in your dream suggests that you are being too serious or uptight.											launch	Action	To see a successful launch in your dream indicates that a new project or relationship is taking off.	To see a failed launch in your dream represents failed attempts and disappointments.										laundromat	Place	To dream that you are at a Laundromat represents a transformation or cleansing.											laundry	Place	To dream that you are doing your laundry suggests that you are cleaning up your act or changing your image.	To dream that you are sorting the laundry indicates that you are trying to understand your own feelings and sort your attitudes.										laundry_chute	Unknown	To see a laundry chute in your dream suggests that you are not allowing others dictate how your should look or act.											laurel	Person	To see or wear a laurel in your dream symbolizes success and victory.											lava	Substance	To see lava in your dream signifies violent anger which you have kept inside for a period of time.											lava_lamp	Unknown	"To see a lava lamp in your dream represents slow, fluid motion."											lavender	Plant	To see lavender in you dream indicates mysticism and spiritual cleansing.	"To smell lavender in your dream symbolizes calmness, peace and serenity."										law	Activity	To dream that you are referring to the law suggests that you need to show more restraint in certain areas of your life.	To dream that you are studying law denotes success in your endeavors and projects.										lawn	Place	"To see a green lawn in your dream represents hope, pleasure, and well-being."	To see a dead or brown lawn in your dream signifies dissatisfaction with some aspect of your home life.										lawn_mower	Tool	To see a lawn mower in your dream suggests that you need to channel your negative thinking into positive energy.											lawyer	Person	To see or dream that you are a lawyer means that help is available to you if you ask.											laxative	Substance	To see or take a laxative in your dream suggests that you need to let go of the emotional hurt and fears that you are still harboring inside.											lazy	Unknown	To dream that you are feeling lazy means that you are feeling emotionally drained; you need to take a break from life.	To dream that others are lazy indicates feelings of resentment.										lazy_susan	Unknown	To see or use a lazy susan in your dream implies that you are in a state of stagnation.											lead	Activity	To see lead in your dream indicates that there is a problem or issue that is burdening you.	To see a lead mine in your dream denotes deceit.										leader	Person	To dream that you are a leader represents your ability to assert your ideas and/or offer guidance to others.											leaf_blower	Unknown	To see or use a leaf blower in your dream means that you need to collect your thoughts and/or ideas together in order to better process and understand.											leaflet	Body_Part	To see or read a leaflet in your dream refers to your open-mindedness and quest for knowledge.											leak	Event	"To see a leak in your dream symbolizes loss, disappointments, frustrations and distress."											leaning	Event	To dream that you are leaning on somebody symbolizes your dependency on that person.											leaping	Action	To dream that you are leaping over an object indicates that you will eventually achieve your desires and goals after some effort and struggle.											leash	Activity	To dream that you are holding a leash indicates a need for more control in your life.	To dream that you are wearing a leash suggests that you need to show more restraint with regards to your sexual urges and desires.	To dream that the leash is broken or that your pet has broken free from the leash implies that you have successfully broken away from somebody's control and influence.									leather	Substance	To see or wear leather in your dream represents toughness and ruggedness.											leaf	Substance	To see leaves in your dream signify new found happiness and improvements in various aspects of your life.	"To see brown or withered leaves in your dream signifies fallen hopes, despair, sadness and loss."	"To dream that you are digging leaves out of your ear literally means that your dream is trying to tell you to ""leave"" some situation or relationship."									leaving	Action	To dream that someone is leaving you refers to feelings of rejection or of not being able to keep up.											lecture	Activity	To dream that you are giving a lecture suggests that you are becoming somewhat of a bore.	To dream that you are listening to a lecture indicates that you need to do some research and weigh out your options before making a decision on some matter.										ledge	Unknown	"To dream that you are standing on a ledge indicates that you are feeling tense, anxious and/or excited."	To dream that someone is standing on a ledge denotes a sign of desperation and a cry for help.										ledger	Unknown	To dream that you are keeping a ledger indicates a complicated situation which you have been left to fight on your own.											leech	Invertebrate	To see or be bitten by leeches in your dream refer to something in your life that is draining the energy and vigor out of you.											leeward	Place	To dream that you are sailing leeward denotes pleasant occasions and joyous gatherings.											left	Action	To dream of the direction left symbolizes the subconscious and your repressed thoughts/emotions.	To dream that you are left behind represents feelings of rejection or not fitting into a group.										leftovers	Substance	To see or eat leftovers in your dream symbolize resentment for the things that you are still clinging on to.											leg_warmer	Unknown	To see or wear leg warmers in your dream suggests that you are headed toward the right direction in life.											leggings	Unknown	To wear leggings in your dream implies that you are flexible and open to change.											legislature	Unknown	To dream that you are a member of a legislature suggests that you will experience many difficulties in moving ahead.											leg	Action	To see your legs in your dream indicate that you have regained confidence to stand up and take control again.	To see someone else's legs in your dream represent your admiration for that person.										legume	Substance	To see legumes in your dream symbolize small annoyances and minor problems.											lei	Unknown	"To dream that someone is giving you a lei signifies a welcoming, acceptance, and acknowledgement."											lemming	Animal	To see lemmings in your dream suggest that you need to rethink the risks you are taking.											lemniscate	Unknown	"To see a lemniscate in your dream symbolizes time, longevity or possibilities."											lemonade	Food	To dream that you are drinking lemonade suggests your need to cool off.											lemur	Animal	To see a lemur in your dream indicates that there is something in your life that you are not seeing clearly.											lending	Action	To dream that you are lending money represents your obligations to others.											lens	Tool	To see a lens in your dream symbolize the need for you to take a closer and better look at things.											leo	Place	"To dream that someone is a Leo symbolizes someone who is creative, generous, playful and authoritative."											leopard	Animal	To see a wild leopard in your dream suggests that you will eventually overcome your difficulties through persistence.	To dream that you kill a leopard refers to success in your projects.	To dream that a leopard is attacking you indicates that you are overly confident in your future success.									leper	Person	To see a leper in your dream indicates rejected aspect of yourself that is unclean or unaccepted by society.											leprechaun	Unknown	"To see a leprechaun in your dream suggests that through perseverance and dedication, you will reap the benefits and rewards of your hard work."	To dream that you are a leprechaun refers to the mischievous aspect of your personality.										leprosy	Illness	To dream that you have leprosy suggests that you are not utilizing your full potential.											lesson	Activity	"To dream about a lesson indicates that new understanding, knowledge or wisdom is coming to light."											letter	Person	To dream that you receive a letter signifies a new opportunity or challenge.	To tear up a letter in you dream symbolizes past mistakes and regrets in your life.	To see an unopened letter in your dream means that you are intentionally ignoring some information.									letter	Person	"To see letters of the alphabet in your dream symbolize any object, animal, place associated with or resembling that particular letter."											lettuce	Substance	To see lettuce growing in your dream represents abundance.	To dream that you are eating lettuce signifies your need for spiritual nourishment.										level_crossing	Place	"To see a level crossing in your dream symbolizes temporary setbacks toward achieving your goals, especially if the gate is going down."											leveler	Person	To see or use a leveler in your dream symbolizes balance and harmony.											liar	Person	To dream that someone is calling you a liar denotes that you will be irked by some deceitful person.	To dream that someone is a liar indicates your growing distrust for that person.										libra	Place	To dream that someone is a Libra indicates fairness harmony and cooperation.											librarian	Person	To see or dream that you are a librarian indicates a creative and knowledgeable mind.											library	Structure	To dream that you are in a library signifies your search for knowledge and your hunger for ideas.	To dream that you cannot find a book in the library or that the book you are looking for is already checked out suggests that a certain aspect of your self is lacking enrichment or is under developed.	To see a library in your dream symbolizes the knowledge you have accumulated over the years.									louse	Invertebrate	"To see lice in your dream signify frustrations, distress and feelings of guilt."											license	Event	To see or carry a license in your dream represents control over your life.											license_plate	Unknown	To see a license plate in your dream represents freedom to run your own life and to do what you want to do.											licorice	Food	To see or eat licorice in your dream suggests that you are enjoying a little sweetness in your life.											lie_detector	Tool	To see a lie detector in your dream represents your lack of confidence.	To dream that you are taking a lie detector test suggests that it is time to face the facts.										life_jacket	Unknown	To see or wear a life jacket in your dream symbolizes security and reinforcement.	"To dream that you are not wearing a life jacket indicates that you want to approach your emotions and problems head on, even though it may be painful or uncomfortable."										life_saver	Food	To see or wear a life saver in your dream suggests that you are getting another opportunity or chance.											lifeboat	Conveyance	To see a lifeboat in your dream suggests that you need help in coping with your emotions.											lifeguard	Person	To see or dream that you are a lifeguard means that you are keeping your emotions well guarded.											lifeline	Unknown	"To dream about the lifeline on your palm signifies your ambitions, your life and where you want to be headed."											lift	Action	To dream that you are ascending in an elevator represents a rise to status and wealth.											light	Tool	"To see light in your dream represents illumination, clarity, guidance, plain understanding, and insight."											light_bulb	Tool	To see a light bulb in your dream suggests that you are ready to accept and/or face reality.	To see a burned out light bulb in your dream indicates that you are feeling ineffective.										lighter	Conveyance	To see or use a lighter in your dream represents a spark of some new idea.											lighthouse	Structure	To see a lighthouse in your dream indicates that you are seeking guidance during a difficult and tumultuous time.											lightning	Event	"To see lightning in your dream signifies sudden awareness, insight, spiritual revelation, truth and purification."	To dream that you are struck by lightning symbolizes irreversible changes occurring in your life.										lightsaber	Unknown	To see or wield a lightsaber in your dream signifies being in control.											lilac	Plant	To see lilac in your dream indicates disappointments and rejection.											lily_pad	Unknown	To see a lily pad in your dream indicates that you are looking for a break from your emotional journey.											limb	Structure	To see a tree limb in your dream symbolizes the relationship and communication between you and your family or relatives.	To dream that you have an invisible limb means that you are not realizing your own potential.										limbo	Unknown	To dream that you are dancing the limbo refers to your flexibility in some situation.											lime	Food	To see a lime in your dream represents temporary setbacks and delays.											limestone	Substance	To see limestone in your dream refers to your own stubbornness.											limousine	Conveyance	To see a limousine in your dream indicates that you have an exaggerated sense of self-worth and self-importance.											limping	Illness	To dream that you are limping refers to a lack of balance in some relationship in your life.	To see an animal limping in your dream indicates that you have suffered a setback to your personal freedom.										linden	Plant	"To see a linden tree in your dream represents joy, happiness, friendships and beauty."											line	Activity	"To see a line in your dream symbolizes duality, limits, boundaries and rules."	To see a line of people or objects indicates that you need to be more aware of some situation or relationship.	To dream that you are standing in line represents your need for patience.									lingerie	Unknown	"To dream that you are wearing lingerie represents your sexual identity, body image and your self-esteem."	To dream that you are buying or shopping for lingerie indicates that you are compensating for your inner feelings of emptiness.										lingerie_store	Unknown	To dream that you are in a lingerie store suggests that you are lacking excitement in your life.											link	Tool	To see a link in your dream represents your connections and relations to others.											lion	Animal	"To see a lion in your dream symbolizes great strength, courage, aggression and power."											lion_tamer	Unknown	To see or dream that you are a lion tamer suggests that you are able to keep your aggression and strength in check.											lioness	Animal	To see a lioness in your dream represents your maternal instincts.											lip_balm	Substance	To dream that you are applying lip balm suggests that there is some misunderstanding in what you are trying to say.											lip_gloss	Unknown	To see or wear lip gloss in your dream indicates a lack of power in your words.											lip_synching	Unknown	To dream that you are lip synching indicates that someone else is speaking on your behalf.											liposuction	Unknown	To dream that you have liposuction represents your preoccupation with your physical shape and appearance.											lip	Body_Part	"To see lips in your dream signify sensuality, sex, love, and romance, especially if they were pursed."	To dream that you or someone has blue lips indicate illness or possible problems with your blood circulation.	To dream that you or someone has black lips suggest that you are refusing to say anything about a particular situation.									lipstick	Unknown	"To buy, see, or wear lipstick in your dream suggests that you are not entirely truthful about something."											liquid	Substance	To see a liquid in your dream represents some emotion that you need to confront and deal with.											liquor	Food	To dream that you are enjoying alcohol in moderation denotes contentment and satisfaction in the decisions that you have made.	"To dream that you are consuming alcohol in excess signifies feelings of inadequacy, worries, regrets and fears of being discovered for who you really are."										liquor_store	Structure	To see or dream that you are in a liquor store suggests that you are lacking spirit and enthusiasm in some area of your life.											list	Unknown	To dream that you are making a list suggests that you are worried about a problem or situation in your waking life.											litter	Substance	To see or dream that you litter symbolizes ideas and issues that you have discarded and have no more use for.	To see a litter of newborn animals in your dream is indicative of the amount of time that an idea has been developing or will take to develop.										litter_box	Unknown	To see or clean a litter box in your dream represents your shameful thoughts.											liver	Body_Part	To see yours or someone else's liver in your dream suggests the possibility of a physical disorder.											living_room	Structure	To dream that you are in the living room represents the image that you portray to others and the way which you go about your life.											lizard	Animal	"To see a lizard in your dream signifies your primal instincts and reactions toward sex, food, etc."											llama	Animal	"To see a llama in your dream represents deep trust, strength and endurance."											load	Tool	To see or carry a load in your dream symbolizes the huge responsibilities that you are carrying.											loaf	Substance	To see bread in your dream represents the basic needs of life.											loan	Unknown	To dream that you need a loan signifies your worries over money matters.											lobby	Structure	To dream that you are in a lobby indicates that you are trying to make something known.											lobotomy	Activity	To see or dream that you have a lobotomy indicates that you are either trying to get to your subconscious and access its insights or you are trying to suppress it and erase it from your consciousness.											lobster	Invertebrate	To see a lobster in your dream represents strength and persistence.	To dream that you are eating lobster indicates that you will regain your confidence.										loch_ness_monster	Unknown	To see a Loch Ness Monster in your dream symbolizes disappointments or misunderstanding in some situation or relationship.											lock	Activity	To see a lock in your dream signifies your inability to get what you want.	To dream that a lock is accidentally shut around your wrist suggests that you are debating on whether to be more open about your feelings or keep them to yourself.	"To dream that a lock is broken is a metaphor that you are feeling insecure, either emotionally or physically."	"To see a puzzle lock in your dream implies that you need to carefully think about how to proceed with a situation, before acting."								lockjaw	Illness	To dream that you have lockjaw may reflect the current state of your body while you are dreaming.											locked	Unknown	To dream that you are locked out suggests that you are feeling alienated or unaccepted.											locker	Structure	To see or use a locker in your dream signifies aspects of yourself which you have kept hidden inside.	To dream that you cannot open a locker or that your forgot the combination suggests that you are unsure of where you stand in a particular situation.	To dream that someone else is using your locker suggests that someone can see right through you and your facade.									locker_room	Structure	To dream that you are in a locker room suggests that you need time to cool off and calm down.											locket	Unknown	To see or wear a locket in your dream signifies a long lasting relationship.											locksmith	Person	To see or dream that you are a locksmith suggests that you will play an integral role in an important upcoming project.											locomotive	Conveyance	To see a locomotive in your dream refers to your drive to move forward and succeed in life.											locust	Invertebrate	To see locusts in your dream signify greed or lack of psychological nourishment.											lodestone	Tool	To see a lodestone in your dream signifies your alluring and magnetic personality.											log	Tool	To see a log in your dream represents a significant and meaningful aspect of yourself.	To dream that you are sitting on a log indicates personal satisfaction and joy in you life.	To see a log floating in water represents new opportunities.									loincloth	Unknown	To wear a loincloth in your dream represents raw male sexuality.											lollipop	Food	"To see or lick a lollipop in your dream indicates surprises, new experiences and adventures."											london	Place	To dream of the city of London signifies nobility.											long	Unknown	To dream of anything long refers to the penis and/or issues of power and prowess.											loom	Machine	To see or use a loom in your dream represents how you are expressing your individuality and creativity.											loon	Bird	To see a loon in your dream suggests that you have the ability to dig deep and bring up subconscious wisdom.											los_angeles	Place	To dream of Los Angeles signifies opportunities.											lose	Unknown	To dream that you lose something indicates that you may really have misplaced something that you had not realized yet.											lost	Unknown	To dream that you are lost suggests that you have lost your direction in life or that you have lost sight of your goals.	To dream that someone else is lost represents some unresolved issues or feelings pertaining to the person that is lost.										lotion	Substance	To see or eat cream in your dream indicates that you appreciate the minor and sweet things in life.	To see or apply face cream in your dream represents a beautiful soul.										lottery	Activity	To dream of playing the lottery suggests that you are relying too much on fate instead of taking responsibility for your own actions or decisions.	To dream that you win the lottery represents your inner desires to live without having to worry about financial and material troubles.										lottery_ticket	Unknown	To see a lottery ticket in your dream indicates that you need to leave some aspect of your life to fate.											lotus	Plant	"To see a lotus in your dream represents enlightenment, growth, purity, beauty and expansion of the soul."											loud	Unknown	To hear something or someone loud in your dream indicates that there is something in your waking life that is in need of your attention.											lounge	Structure	To dream that you are in a lounge suggests that you need to stop and take a break from some problem or issue in your waking life.											love	Person	To dream of love or being in love suggests intense feelings carried over from a waking relationship.											love_note	Unknown	To receive a love note in your dream symbolizes a budding new love that is blossoming in your life.											love_spell	Unknown	To dream that you are under a love spell parallels waking feelings of love.											love_triangle	Unknown	To dream that you are part of a love triangle where you are in love with the same person indicates that you are experiencing some form of insecurity and jealousy in your waking relationship.											lovebird	Bird	To see a lovebird in your dream indicates that you are longing or missing for your partner.											lover	Person	"To see a lover in your dream symbolizes acceptance, self-worth, and acknowledgement of your true inner value."	To dream of an old or former lover signifies unfinished/unresolved issues related to that specific relationship.										loveseat	Unknown	"To see or sit on a loveseat in your dream indicates your need for love and intimacy, especially if you are sitting alone."											low	Tool	To dream that something or someone is low signifies something that is beneath you.											lozenges	Unknown	To see or take cough drops in your dream indicate that you need some coaxing in order to discuss some issue.											lsd	Substance	To dream that you take LSD represents an awakening and expanded consciousness.											luau	Unknown	To dream that you are at a luau represents your emotional needs and sexual desires.											lubricant	Substance	To see or use lubricant in your dream implies that you want things to run more smoothly in some area of your life.											lucite	Substance	To see Lucite in your dream indicates support.											luck	Unknown	To dream of good luck suggests that things will look up for you.	To dream that you have bad luck indicates that you are feeling sorry for yourself.										lucky_charm	Unknown	To dream of a lucky charm indicates that you are trying to connect with your spiritual energy.											luggage	Unknown	"To see or carry luggage in your dream symbolizes the many desires, worries, responsibilities or needs that you are carrying with you and weighing you down."	To dream that you lose your luggage represents a lost in your identity.										lullaby	Activity	To sing a lullaby in your dream signifies your ability to calm others.	To hear a lullaby in your dream represents your search for tranquility and peace.										lumber	Tool	To see lumber in your dream indicates your need for a fresh start.											lumberjack	Person	To see or dream that you are a lumberjack symbolizes strength and fortitude.											lunatic	Person	To see a lunatic in your dream represents an unacknowledged aspect of yourself.											lunch	Food	To see or eat lunch in your dream indicates that you are lacking spiritual enrichment and enlightenment in some area of your life.											lunch_box	Unknown	To see or carry a lunch box in your dream represents stored energy.											lung	Body_Part	"To see lungs in your dream symbolize insight, creativity, and inspiration."											lust	Activity	To dream of lust or that you are lusting after someone suggests that you are feeling unfulfilled in some aspect of your life.											lute	Musical_Instrument	To see or play the lute in your dream symbolizes pureness and faith.											luxury	Unknown	To dream that you are living in luxury represents your lavish lifestyle.											lynching	Action	To see a lynching in your dream represents feelings of self-guilt.											lynx	Animal	To see a lynx in your dream symbolizes secrecy.											lyre	Musical_Instrument	"To see a lyre in your dream represents joy, calmness and harmony."											m&m's	Unknown	"To see or eat M&M's in your dream symbolizes life's small, but sweet rewards."											macaroni	Substance	To dream that you are eating macaroni symbolizes comfort and ease.											macaroon	Substance	To see or eat a macaroon in your dream represents a well-rounded experience.											mace	Food	To see or use mace in your dream represents your quest for objectivity over subjectivity.											machete	Weapon	To see or use a machete in your dream represents extreme hostility toward some situation or someone.											machine_gun	Weapon	To see or shoot a machine gun in you dream suggests that your anger or aggression is out of control.	To dream that someone is shooting you with a machine gun implies that a great deal of anger is being directed towards you.										machinery	Machine	To see machinery in your dream suggests that you are too mechanical - going about your way without much thought and making decisions without thinking it through.											mackerel	Fish	To see or eat mackerel in your dream signifies your quickness in confronting some suppressed emotions.											mad_dog	Unknown	To see a mad dog in your dream suggests that you are being verbally attacked by those you thought were your friends.	To dream that you kill a mad dog indicates that you will overcome the adverse opinions of others.										madness	Illness	"To dream that you are diagnosed with madness or that you are mad forewarns of trouble, loss, and overwhelming grief."	"To see others suffering from madness signifies gloominess, despair and hopelessness."										madonna	Person	To see the Madonna in your dream symbolizes the mystical mother and the giver of life.											mafia	Unknown	To dream that you are a member of a mafia suggests that you are allowing others to manipulate you.	To dream that you come in contact with the mafia indicates that you are experiencing some inner conflict and turmoil.										magazine	Tool	To read a magazine in your dream indicates that you are opened to various new ideas.											magic	Activity	To perform or dream of magic suggests that you need to look at things from a different view or approach your problems from a new angle in order to successfully move forward.	To dream of black magic implies that you have obtained your wishes and wants through underhanded tricks.										magic_carpet	Unknown	To dream that you are riding a magic carpet indicates that you are overcoming your obstacles and physical limitations.											magic_mirror	Unknown	To dream of a magic mirror suggests that you are putting too much emphasis on outward appearances.											magician	Person	To see or dream that you are a magician signifies that an issue or a task at hand may be trickier than you had anticipated.											magistrate	Person	To see a magistrate in your dream represents an authoritarian figure in your life.											magnet	Tool	To see a magnet in your dream symbolizes negative forces that are drawing you towards a path of dishonor and ruin.											magnifying_glass	Tool	To see or use a magnifying glass in your dream indicates that something in your life needs to be examined and looked at more closely.											magnolia_tree	Unknown	To see a magnolia tree in your dream indicates your need for attention and to be noticed.											magpie	Bird	To see a magpie in your dream signifies dissatisfaction and disagreements.	To see a dead magpie in your dream signifies some malicious rumors.										mahjong	Activity	"To see or play mahjong in your dream refers to a situation in your waking life that requires strategy, patience and composure."											maid	Person	To see or have a maid in your dream suggests that you are depending too much on others for their help.	To dream that you are a maid indicates that you need to clear up the clutter in your life.										mail	Conveyance	To dream that receive mail indicates that you need to communicate or re-establish contact with someone from your present or past.	To dream that mail is lost suggests that you are feeling isolated of left out in some waking situation.										mailbox	Unknown	To see a mailbox in your dream represents important information that you are about to receive.											mailman	Person	To see a mailman in your dream symbolizes your communications with others.											makeup	Event	To dream that you are applying makeup suggests that you are trying to cover up or conceal an aspect of yourself.	To dream that you are wearing too much makeup indicates that you are putting too much emphasis on beauty and outside appearances rather than what is inside.										making_out	Unknown	"To dream that you are making out with someone suggests that you have an subconscious desire to pursue a relationship, but fear that it will jeopardize the friendship."											malachite	Substance	"To see or wear malachite in your dream symbolizes tranquility, serenity, and relaxation."											malice	Unknown	"To dream that you have malice toward others reflects your waking feelings about a person, situation, or relationship."											mall	Structure	"To dream that you are at the mall symbolizes the choices, decisions and options you have in your waking life."											mallet	Tool	To see a mallet in your dream symbolizes force or willpower.											malpractice	Activity	To dream that you are sued for malpractice signifies a need to change your ways and attitude.											mammogram	Unknown	To dream that you are getting a mammogram suggests that you are doubting the power of your femininity.											mammoth	Animal	To see a mammoth in your dream implies that you need to let go of some past emotions.											man	Animal	"To see a man in your dream denotes the aspect of yourself that is assertive, rational, aggressive, and/or competitive."											man_of_war	Unknown	To see a man of war ship in your dream suggests that you need shield yourself from some emotional turmoil.	To see a man of war creature in your dream symbolizes a stinging remark or situation.										manager	Person	To dream that you are a manager indicates that you need to be more organized and efficient.											manatee	Animal	To see a manatee in your dream represents your passiveness in a situation.											mandala	Unknown	To see a mandala in your dream signifies that you will experience some positive changes in your waking life.											mane	Unknown	To notice the mane of an animal in your dream refers to some animalistic desire.											mango	Food	"To see or eat a mango in your dream symbolizes fertility, sexual desires, and lust."											manhole_cover	Unknown	To see a manhole cover in your dream means that your unconscious thoughts are being suppressed.											maniac	Person	To dream that you are a maniac indicates that you need to control your temper and not let your emotions get the best of you.											manicure	Activity	To dream that you are getting a manicure represents glamour and beauty.											manna	Food	To see or eat manna in you dream suggests that you need some spiritual nourishment.											mannequin	Person	To see a mannequin in your dream represents an extension of your own self that you are projecting.											manner	Unknown	To dream that you have good manners indicates restraint.	To dream that you have bad manners symbolizes your lack of respect for someone or some matter in your waking life.										mansion	Building	To see a mansion in your dream symbolizes your greatest potential and growth.											manta_ray	Fish	To see a manta ray in your dream signifies emotional freedom.											mantilla	Unknown	To see or wear a mantilla veil in your dream represents an expression of your femininity.											mantle	Tool	"To see a mantle in your dream symbolizes warmth, family and togetherness."											manure	Substance	To see manure in your dream suggests that you are learning from past experiences.											manuscript	Unknown	"To dream that you are writing a manuscript represents your hopes, dreams, goals and desires."	To dream that your manuscript is rejected by a publisher refers to some temporary setbacks.										map	Unknown	To see or study a map in your dream suggests that your current life path will lead to fulfillment of your needs and realization of your goals.											maple	Plant	"To see a maple in your dream symbolizes humility, warmth, and openness."	To see a falling maple tree in your dream indicates family disharmony and broken ties.	To see a maple leaf in your dream represents each of the five senses and what it has to offer.									marathon	Activity	To dream that you are running in a marathon represents life's journey and how you are performing or feeling.											marble	Substance	To see something made of marble in your dream refers to your solid stance on an argument.											march	Action	To dream of the month of March signifies disappointments.											marching	Action	"To dream that you are marching to the beat of music signifies teamwork, conformity, and structure."	To see people marching in your dream denotes your desires in wanting to associate with people in public positions.										marching_band	Unknown	To see or be in a marching band indicates that you are a team player and able to work in harmony for a common cause.											mardi_gras	Activity	To dream of Mardi Gras indicates your need to release your inhibitions and let yourself go.											mare	Animal	To see a mare in your dream represents your intuition.											marijuana	Substance	To dream that you are using marijuana implies that you are trying to escape reality.	To see or smell marijuana in your dream suggests that you are experiencing an expanded sense of awareness and consciousness.										marilyn_monroe	Individual	To see Marilyn Monroe in your dream indicates that you need to be more open and expressive with your sexuality.											mariner	Person	To dream that you are a mariner signifies a long and pleasant journey.											marionette	Unknown	To see a marionette in your dream suggests that you are allowing others to control you.											marker	Tool	To see or use markers in you dream represent your creativity.											market	Activity	To dream that you are in a market represents some emotional or physical need that you are currently lacking in your life.	To see an barren market in your dream signifies depression and gloominess.										marlin	Fish	To see or catch a marlin in your dream means that you need to be more decisive and forge forward with your plans.											marmalade	Food	To make or eat marmalade in your dream indicates that you need to incorporate some zest in your life											marmot	Animal	To see a marmot in your dream suggests deceit and falsehood.											marriage	Activity	"To dream of a marriage signifies commitment, harmony or transitions."	To dream of a proposal of marriage suggests that some situation will take a turn for the worse.	To dream that you are in an arranged marriage suggests that you are feeling forced to do something you do not want to do.									mars	Unknown	"To see Mars in your dream symbolizes energy, drive, passion, fearlessness and ambition."											marsh	Person	To see or dream that you are at a marsh suggests instability in your emotional realm.	To dream that a marsh is being drained indicates that you are feeling weary and emotionally drained.										marshmallow	Food	To see or eat marshmallows in your dream represent timidity and lack of self-confidence.	To dream that you are roasting marshmallows indicate growth and motivation.										martial_art	Activity	To dream that you are practicing martial arts suggest that you need to better focus your energies and direct them on your goals.											martyr	Person	To dream that you are a martyr forewarns that you are focusing too much attention on the needs of others at the risk of neglecting your own needs.											mascara	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing mascara suggests that you need to open your eyes and be more attentive to a situation or relationship.	To dream that your mascara is smeared indicates that your reputation is being called into question by rumors.										mascot	Unknown	To see a mascot in your dream refers to an aspect of your personality that you want to work.	To dream that you are dressed as a mascot means that you are hiding behind some persona.										mask	Activity	To dream that you are wearing a mask suggests that you are trying to be someone you are not.	"To see someone wearing a mask in your dream denotes that you are struggling against deceit, falsehood, and jealousy."										masochism	Unknown	To dream about masochism suggests your need to experience and feel things at an extreme level.											mason	Person	To dream that you are a mason signifies a rise in your current circumstances.											masquerade	Activity	To dream that you are at a masquerade ball suggests that you are trying to escape from the demands of real life.											mass	Activity	To dream that you are at mass represents your sense of community.											massacre	Action	To witness a massacre in your dream suggests that you are a follower.											massage	Activity	To dream that you are getting a massage suggests that you are lacking sensual or sexual stimulation in your waking life.	To dream that you are giving a massage to someone means that you are trying to persuade someone toward your side or your point of view.										mast	Tool	To see the mast of a ship in your dream signifies a long and pleasant journey.											mastectomy	Activity	To dream that you have a mastectomy indicates your lack of sensitivity.											master	Tool	To dream that you have a master denotes feelings of inadequacy and a lack of discipline in your life.	"To dream that you are a master suggests that there is some situation or problem that you need to ""master"" and get a handle on."										mat	Structure	To see a mat in your dream suggests that you feel others are walking all over you.											matador	Person	To see or dream that you are a matador suggests that you need to challenge yourself and prepare for the obstacles ahead.											matchmaker	Person	To see or use a matchmaker in your dream indicates your openness to new experiences.	To dream that you are a matchmaker suggests that you need to stop meddling in other people's personal lives.										mathematics	Unknown	To dream about mathematics indicate that you are evaluating a situation in your waking life where you need to be more rational in your thinking.											matryoshka_doll	Unknown	To see a Matryoshka Doll in your dream refers to the many inner components of your persona.											mattress	Unknown	To see a mattress in your dream represents your support system.	To dream that you are sleeping on a new mattress refers to your present stage of life.										mausoleum	Place	To see or dream that you are in a mausoleum represents calmness.											maxi_pad	Unknown	To see a maxi pad in your dream indicates that you need to release some pent up anger or tension.											may	Plant	To dream of the month of May signifies prosperity and times of pleasure.											mayor	Person	"To see a mayor in your dream indicates your need for guidance, especially from a higher source."											mayonnaise	Food	To see or eat mayonnaise in your dream represents disappointment in your waking life.											maypole_dance	Unknown	To see or participate in a maypole dance indicates that you are celebrating an end to your old ways and welcoming in a new beginning.											maze	Unknown	To dream that you are in a maze denotes that you need to deal with a waking task on a more direct level.											mcdonalds	Unknown	To see or dream that you are at McDonalds signifies happiness and a worry-free attitude.											meadow	Place	To see a meadow in your dream represents openness and security.											meadowlark	Bird	To see meadowlark in your dream indicates your cheerful disposition and outlook on life.											meal	Food	"To see meals in your dream suggest that you are dwelling too much on trivial matters, causing your attention to be diverted from important issues."											mealworms	Unknown	To see mealworms in your dream indicates that you are hungering for a new experience.											mean	Unknown	To dream that someone is being mean to you suggests that you are being too hard on yourself.	To dream that you are uncharacteristically mean to someone represents some negative feelings that you are not expressing in your waking life.										measles	Illness	To dream that you have measles indicate that your problems and worrying are affecting your educational or professional pursuits.	To see others with measles in your dream denotes that the problems of others are becoming your own problems.										measuring_tape	Unknown	To see or use a measuring tape in your dream suggests that you are comparing yourself to others.											meat	Substance	To see raw meat in your dream represents obstacles and discouragements that you will come across as you move toward achieving your goals.	To eat or cook meat in your dream suggests that you are getting to the heart of the matter.	To see rotten meat in your dream refers to a degradation of your physical and psychological being.									meatball	Food	To make meatballs in your dream indicate that a new idea is forming or a new project is taking shape.	"To see or eat meatballs in your dream represent familiarity, ease, and comfort."										mechanic	Person	To see a mechanic in your dream suggests that you need to work on healing your past hurts and trauma.											mechanical_bull	Unknown	To see or ride a mechanical bull in your dream is analogous to your sex life.											medal	Unknown	To see a medal in your dream signifies a reward or an acknowledgement of your hard work.											medicine	Activity	To dream that you are taking medicine represents a period of emotional and/or spiritual healing.	To dream that you are giving medicine to someone indicates that you are trying to take advantage of a situation or of someone.										medicine_cabinet	Unknown	To see your medicine cabinet in your dream represents a period of healing.	To dream that the medicine cabinet is empty suggests concerns over your well-being.										medicine_man	Person	To see a traditional medicine man in your dream refers to your strong support system.											medieval	Unknown	To dream of Medieval times represents old habits/attitudes and old ways of thinking.											medium	Activity	To dream that you are a medium indicates that you are getting in touch with your intuitive side.											medusa	Invertebrate	To see Medusa in your dream signifies cunningness and terror.											meerkat	Animal	To see a meerkat in your dream suggests that you are protected against some negativity in your life.											meeting	Action	To dream that you are in a meeting suggests that you need to redirect your energies toward a more productive endeavor.	To dream that you are late or miss a meeting signifies anxieties that you are not measuring when it comes to achieving your goals.										megaphone	Tool	To dream that you are using a megaphone indicates that you need to be more vocal and expressive about your feelings.											melancholy	Substance	To dream that you are feeling melancholy signifies disappointments.	To see someone who is melancholy in your dream represents your inability to connect with others.										melon	Food	To see or eat a melon in your dream indicates that you need to relax and take it easy.											melting	Unknown	To see melting ice or snow signifies that you are letting go or releasing negative and cold emotions that you have been holding onto.											memorandum	Unknown	To see someone make a memorandum in your dream indicates that you will be called upon to for some assistance in a matter.											memorial	Structure	To see a memorial in your dream indicates the need for kindness and compassion.											memory	Tool	To dream about a memory suggests that you are ready to rid yourself of your old ways and undergo a transformation.	To dream that your memory is getting or has been erased means that you must let go of the past in order to move forward with your life.										memory_stick	Unknown	To see a memory stick in your dream refers to ideas and advices that you need to look at incorporating into a waking situation or some aspect of your life.											man	Animal	To see men in your dream represent an authoritative figure or a father figure.											menagerie	Unknown	To dream that you are at a menagerie symbolizes problems that need to be dealt with more directly.											mending	Action	To dream that you are mending a garment symbolizes your attempts and efforts at fixing a problem.											menopause	Unknown	To dream about menopause suggests that you are smothering the people around you.											menorah	Tool	To see a Menorah in your dream represents the seven days of the week.											menstruation	Unknown	To dream of menstruation indicates that you are releasing your pent-up tension and worry.											mental_institution	Building	To dream that you are in a mental institution indicates a need for rest and a need to reset your mind.	To dream that you are outside a mental institution suggests that you are feeling ostracized or shunned.										mentally_challenged	Unknown	To dream that you are mentally challenged indicates that you are experiencing feelings of self-doubt.	To see a mentally challenged person in your dream suggests that someone around you is feeling ignored or overlooked.										menu	Food	To see a menu in your dream indicates that you are seeking some spiritual or emotional nourishment.											mercedes_benz	Unknown	"To see Mercedes Benz in your dream symbolizes status, wealth, luxury and prestige."											mercury	Substance	To see mercury in your dream represents quick movement.	"To see the planet Mercury in your dream symbolizes alertness, awareness, open communication, reason, and versatility."										mermaid	Unknown	"To see a mermaid in your dream signifies the female aspect of yourself that is mysterious, vulnerable and secretive."	"To dream about a shelled necklace with the word ""mermaid"" etched on it indicates that you are not letting your vulnerabilities show through."										merman	Person	To see a merman in your dream indicates a need to belong and to be part of something.											merry	Unknown	To dream that you are merry reflects your waking happiness.											merry-go-round	Tool	To dream that you are on a merry-go-round indicates a fear of reliving your childhood.	To see a merry-go-round in your dream represents childish joy.										mess	Structure	To see a mess in your dream symbolizes the state of your waking life.											mess_hall	Structure	To dream that you are in a mess hall suggests that have a disciplined view toward food.											message	Unknown	To dream that you are sending a message suggests that there is an important message that you need to convey and let others know.	To dream that you are receiving a message represents a message from your subconscious.										metal	Substance	To see metal in your dream signifies strength and character.											metal_detector	Tool	To see or use a metal detector in your dream indicates that you are in search of your inner strength or are trying to connect with your subconscious.											metalhead	Unknown	To see or dream that you are a metalhead refers to your defiant and non-conformist attitude.											metallica	Unknown	To see or listen to Metallica in your dream represents your independent nature and your tendency to reflect on your thoughts alone.											metamorphosis	Action	To see a metamorphosis take place in your dream denotes sudden and rapid changes in your personal life.											meteor	Unknown	To see a meteor in your dream suggests that you will experience success in a project.	To see a meteor shower in your dream signifies romantic thoughts and idealistic notions.										mexico	Place	"To dream of Mexico or of a Mexican person represents the preservation of tradition, family, faith and culture."											mezzanine	Structure	To dream that you are on the mezzanine represents your middle class status.											mouse	Animal	To see mice in your dream indicates that you are spending too much time dwelling on minor problems and insignificant matters.	To see mice feeding or eating in your dream suggests that someone is trying to bring down your self-confidence.										mickey_mouse	Animal	To see Mickey Mouse in your dream signifies the magic and joy of childhood.											microphone	Tool	To see a microphone in your dream suggests that you need to be more assertive and forceful.											microscope	Tool	To see a microscope in your dream suggests that you need to take a closer look at some situation.											microwave	Unknown	To see a microwave in your dream represents your quick thinking and quick-action.											midget	Person	"To see a midget in your dream suggests that you are feeling small, unimportant and insignificant."											midnight	Unknown	To dream that it is midnight indicates that you need to face reality.											midwife	Person	To see or dream that you are a midwife represents your role in the birth of some new project.											mildew	Plant	To see mildew in your dream symbolizes neglected feelings and emotions that you are unwilling to confront.											military	Unknown	To see the military in your dream signifies rigid authority and emotional repression.											military_base	Unknown	To dream that you are on a military base represents a situation where you are feeling restricted or repressed.											military_camp	Unknown	To dream that you are in a boot camp represents your need for discipline and rigid rules.											milk	Food	To see milk in your dream symbolizes maternal instincts and motherly love.	To dream that you are drinking milk signifies domestic bliss and inner nourishment.	"To spill milk in your dream symbolizes a loss of faith, opportunity, and trust."	To dream that you are bathing in milk indicates that you are surrounded by strong relationships and solid friendships.	To dream that you are choking on milk indicates that you are being overprotected.							milking	Unknown	"To dream that you are milking a cow signifies that great opportunities are being put before you, but still out of your reach."											milkshake	Unknown	To drink a milkshake in your dream indicates satisfaction with how your life is going.											mill	Action	To see a mill in your dream suggests that you are able to learning from your past experiences and applying them to your current problems and situations.											miller	Invertebrate	To see a miller in your dream represents a spiritual force in your life.											millipede	Invertebrate	To see a millipede in your dream indicates that you are letting fears prevent you from achieving your goals.											millstone	Unknown	To see or use a millstone in your dream represents some burden in your waking life.											mime	Activity	To see or dream that you are a mime suggests that you are having difficulties verbally communicating your thoughts and feelings across.											minaret	Structure	"To see a minaret in your dream symbolizes devotion, obedience, and spiritual enlightenment."											mine	Tool	To dream that you are in a mine suggests that you are getting to the core of an issue or condition.											mine_shaft	Unknown	To see or dream that you are in a mine shaft symbolizes the depth of your subconscious.											minefield	Place	To dream that you are in a minefield represents the many difficulties that you are facing in your waking life.											mineral_water	Food	To dream that you are drinking mineral water means that you will have a solid foundation needed to enjoy your taste for the finer things in life.											miniature	Unknown	To see miniatures in your dream indicate that you are feeling larger than life.											minister	Activity	To see or dream that you are a minister suggest that you need to be more compassionate and understanding in some situation or relationship.											minivan	Conveyance	To see or drive a minivan in your dream symbolizes family gatherings and family values.											mink	Animal	"To see a mink in your dream symbolizes value, warmth, riches, or luxury."											minotaur	Unknown	To see a minotaur in your dream denotes a union between your intelligence and your instincts.											minstrel	Person	To see a minstrel in your dream indicates the start of some new journey or life path.											mint	Structure	To smell or taste mint in you dream suggests that there is a calming influence in your life.	To eat a breath mint in your dream indicates that you are trying to phrase your thoughts in a way that is going to be presentable or more palatable.										minuet	Activity	To see a minuet in your dream signifies pleasant surroundings and joyous friendships.	To dream that you are dancing in a minuet indicates domestic bliss and prosperity.										miracle	Event	To see a miracle in your dream suggests that you are goal-oriented and plan for the future.											mirage	Unknown	To see a mirage in your dream represents your disillusionment.											mire	Substance	To dream that you are going through a mire signifies a minor interruption in your plans.											mirror	Tool	To dream of your own reflection in the mirror suggests that you are pondering thoughts about your inner self.	To dream that you do not see your reflection in a mirror implies that you have lost your self-identity.	To dream that you are looking through a two-way mirror indicates that you are coming face to face with some inner or worldly issue.									miscarriage	Action	To dream that you have a miscarriage suggests that some idea or plan did not go as expected.											miscommunication	Unknown	To dream about a miscommunication indicates waking difficulties in expressing yourself and in getting your point across.											miser	Person	To see or dream that you are a miser indicates a low sense of self-worth.											misshapen	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is deformed represents undeveloped aspects of yourself that you may have ignored.											missile	Weapon	To see or be attacked by a missile in your dream represents feelings of helplessness and forces beyond your control.											missing	Unknown	To dream that you are missing something denotes a sense of being out of control and being disorganized.											missionary	Person	To dream that you are doing missionary work implies that it is time for you to define and set your own goals.											mist	Unknown	To dream that you are caught in a mist indicates that there is some confusion and uncertainty in your waking life.											mistake	Event	To dream that you make a mistake indicates that you are doubting yourself in the choices and decisions you are making.											mistletoe	Unknown	To see mistletoe in your dream symbolizes joyous occasions and happiness.											mistress	Person	To dream that you (or your mate) have a mistress refers to your subconscious desire to end your current relationship.	To dream that you are a mistress indicates your desires for the finer things in life.	To see a mistress in your dream suggests that you or someone is being lured or tempted into some negative activity.									mittens	Unknown	To see or dream that you are wearing mittens suggest that you are handling things in a childish manner.											mixer	Tool	"To see or use a mixer in your dream suggests that you are getting ""mixed"" up about something."											mixing	Action	To dream that you are mixing something signifies a blending of opposite ends of your personality.											moaning	Unknown	"To hear moaning or dream that you are moaning suggests that you need to be more vocal about your feelings, particularly what makes your happy and what makes unhappy."											moat	Unknown	To see a moat in your dream suggests that you have put up an emotional wall around you.											mob	Unknown	To see a mob in your dream represents chaos and disorganization.											moccasin	Unknown	To see or wear moccasins in your dream signify your respect for nature and its beings.											mocking	Unknown	To dream that you are mocking someone indicates an aspect of yourself that you are ashamed of.	To dream that someone is mocking you or making fun on you indicates that you are suffering from low self-esteem.										mockingbird	Bird	"To see or hear a mockingbird in your dream represents cockiness, cleverness, or independence."											model	Activity	To see or dream that you are a fashion model represents an image that you want to portray.	To see or build a model vehicle in your dream indicates that you are going through a new developmental phase in your life.	To see a cardboard or clay model in your dream means that you will achieve great success.									modem	Unknown	To see or use a modem in your dream represents communication.											modest	Unknown	To dream that you are being modest indicates that you need to be less arrogant and/or assertive in your real-life situations.											moisturizer	Unknown	To use or apply moisturizer in your dream represents renewal.											molasses	Food	To see or eat molasses in your dream signifies a happy home life and good hospitality.											mold	Plant	To see mold in your dream indicates that something in your life has been ignored or is no longer of any use.											mona_lisa	Unknown	To see the Mona Lisa in your dream indicates that you are feeling indifferent about a situation.	To dream that the Mona Lisa painting has been defaced suggests that you are feeling frustrated in some relationship.										monastery	Building	"To dream that you are at a monastery indicates that you need to learn and explore more about yourself, especially the masculine side."											monday	Unknown	To dream of Monday signifies the start of some project or task.											money	Unknown	To see or win money in your dream indicates that success and prosperity is within your reach.	"To dream that you lose money suggests that you are lacking ambition, power and self-esteem."	To give or spend money in your dream is analogous to giving love.	To dream that you have no money indicates a fear of losing your place in the world.	To dream that you steal money forewarns that you are in danger.							mongoose	Animal	To see a mongoose in your dream suggests that you putting up a defensive wall in an effort to hide your anxieties or shortcomings.											monitor	Animal	To see a computer monitor in your dream refers to your thought process and rational thinking.	To see a monitor lizard in your dream represents change and agility.										monk	Person	"To see a monk in your dream signifies devotion, faith, and spiritual enlightenment."	To dream that you are a monk symbolizes the introspective aspect of yourself.										monkey	Animal	"To see a monkey in your dream symbolizes deceit, insight and intuition."	To see a monkey hanging or swinging from a tree suggests that you are feeling troubled by some issue.										monkey_bar	Unknown	To see or play on the monkey bars in your dream denotes the carefree nature of childhood.											monopoly	Activity	To play monopoly in your dream signifies your business dealings and your aspirations for success.											monster	Animal	To dream that you are chased or followed by a monster represents aspects of yourself that you find repulsive and ugly.	To dream that you kill a monster means that you will successfully overcome your rivals and advance to a higher position.	To turn into a monster in your dream suggests that you are becoming someone who you are ashamed of or someone who you longer recognized.									monument	Structure	To see a monument in your dream signifies your legacy and how you want to be remembered.											mood_ring	Unknown	To see or wear a mood ring in your dream indicates that your feelings are being dictated by some outside forces.											moon	Person	"To see the moon in your dream represents some hidden, mysterious aspect of yourself."	To see the eclipse of the moon in your dream signifies that your feminine side is being overshadowed.	"To see the crescent moon in your dream indicates cyclic changes, renewal, and movement."	To dream that you jump and touch the moon refers to your ambition.								moonlight	Unknown	To dream of the moonlight symbolizes an emotional breakthrough.											moonstone	Substance	"To see or wear moonstone in your dream symbolizes wealth, prosperity and luck."											moonwalk	Action	"To dream that you are moonwalking indicates that something or someone is holding you back, but you have yet to realize it."											moor	Place	To dream that you are in a moor indicates that you are feeling overwhelmed by the negativity around you.											moose	Animal	To see a moose in your dream represents long life and longevity.											mop	Tool	To see a mop in your dream symbolizes domesticity and the monotony of your daily routine.											morgue	Building	To dream that you are in a morgue refers to some shocking and dreadful news that you are about to receive.											morning	Event	To dream that it is morning suggests that fortune and pleasure are within near reach.											morning_glory	Plant	"To see a morning glory in your dream symbolizes a bright, fresh start to your day."											morocco	Place	To see morocco in your dream suggests that help will come from someone whom you least expect.											morose	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is morose refers to your pessimistic view of the world around you.											morphine	Substance	To dream that you are taking morphine represents your disconnection from reality.											mortarboard	Unknown	To see or wear a mortarboard in your dream represents education and learning.											mortgage	Unknown	To dream that you hold a mortgage indicates that you are maximizing your energies and putting it toward worthwhile pursuits.											mortuary	Building	To see or dream that you are in a mortuary suggests that you are hindering your own self-growth by not utilizing your abilities and talents.											mosaic	Tool	To see a mosaic in your dream represents the various aspects and components that make up life as a whole.											moses	Person	To see Moses in your dream signifies personal gains and self gratification.											mosh_pit	Unknown	"To dream that you are moshing or in a mosh pit implies that you are being slammed with responsibilities, deadlines or problems."	To see a mosh pit in your dream refers to some uncontrollable energy.										mosque	Building	"To dream that you are in a mosque symbolizes your faith, personal religious beliefs and the divine."											moss	Unknown	To see moss growing in your dream indicates an extremely slow progress in some project or relationship.											motel	Building	To see or live in a motel in your dream represents your potential to achieve your goals.											moth	Invertebrate	To see a moth in your dream indicates that some unseen irritation may not surface until it is too late.											mother	Person	To see your mother in your dream represents the nurturing aspect of your own character.	To dream that you are having sex with your mother implies that you are becoming like your mother.	To dream that you are having a conversation with your mother denotes a matter that has preoccupied your mind and you are not sure how to deal with it in your waking life.	To hear your mother call you in your dream suggests that you have been negligent in your duties and responsibilities.	To dream that you are being told that your mother is dead means that you are feeling neglected.							motherboard	Unknown	To see a motherboard in your dream refers to the steps and processes that need to be completed in order to produce a desired outcome.											mother-in-law	Person	To see your mother-in-law in your dream implies that there is some unresolved issue or inner turmoil that you need to work through.											mother_of_pearl	Unknown	"To see or wear mother of pearl in your dream symbolizes renewal, birth and fertility."											mother_teresa	Individual	"To see Mother Teresa in your dream suggests that you need to show more sympathy, compassion and kindness."											motor_home	Conveyance	To dream that you live in a motor home suggests that you need to move on with regards to some aspect of your life.											motorcycle	Conveyance	To see or ride a motorcycle in your dream symbolizes your desire for freedom and need for adventure.	To see or be in a motorcycle chase in your dream implies that you are avoiding your responsibilities.										motorcycle_club	Unknown	To see a motorcycle club in your dream points to a situation where you feel outnumbered or a situation that is playing on your fears.											mount_fuji	Unknown	To see Mount Fuji in your dream represents an aspect of your life that may be deceivingly calm.											mount_olympus	Place	To see Mount Olympus in your dream indicates that you will overcome your current struggles.											mountain_lion	Animal	"To see a mountain lion in your dream represents lurking danger, aggression and raw emotions."											mountain	Unknown	To see mountains in your dream signify many major obstacles and challenges that you have to overcome.											mourning	Activity	To dream that you are in mourning refers to your inability to let go of the past.	"To see others or dream that you are wearing mourning symbolizes grief, bad luck, and unhappiness."										mouse	Animal	"To see a mouse in your dream indicates fear, meekness, insignificance and a lack of assertiveness."	To see a dead mouse in your dream implies that you are not letting minor issues bother you.	To dream that you kill or trap a mouse suggests that others are making a big deal out of certain minor issues in your life.	To dream that you or someone is eating a mouse indicates that there is something nagging at your conscience.	To dream that a mouse is being chased suggests that you are not standing up for yourself.							mouse_hole	Unknown	To see a mouse hole in your dream represents a hidden aspect of yourself that you are unwilling to acknowledge or confront.											mouse_trap	Unknown	To see a mouse trap in your dream suggests that you need to be more cautious.	To dream that you are setting a mouse trap indicates that you will outwit your opponents.	To dream that you catch a mouse in a mouse trap suggests that you are being taken advantage of.									mouth	Body_Part	To see a mouth in your dream signifies your need to express yourself or talk about an issue that's bothering you.											mouthwash	Substance	To see or use mouthwash in your dream indicates that you need to literally wash your mouth as a result of something you said.											movement	Action	To see normal movement in your dream represents your ability to cope with various situations.	"To see quick, smooth movement in your dream represents self-acceptance or your quick wit."	"To see slow, difficult movement in your dream indicates a fear of failure."									mover	Person	To see movers in your dream implies that it is time for your to move on from a situation.											movie	Event	To dream that you are watching a movie suggests that you are watching life pass you by.	To dream that you are playing a role in the movie foretells that something from your subconscious is about to emerge or be revealed.	To dream that the movie screen is blank suggests that you are trying to distance yourself from some issue or emotion.									movie_clapper	Unknown	To see or use a movie clapper in your dream symbolizes your quest for fame and glamour.											movie_set	Unknown	To dream that you are on a movie set implies that a situation in your waking life is not what it appears to be.											movie_theater	Building	To dream that you are in a movie theater indicates that you are attempting to protect yourself from your emotions and/or actions.											moving	Unknown	To dream that you are moving away signifies your desire or need for change.	To dream that your ex is moving in with you indicates that you are still holding onto some aspect of the relationship.										mtv	Unknown	To dream that you are watching MTV suggests that you are watching too much MTV.											mucus	Substance	To see or cough mucus in your dream represents cleansing and releasing of suppressed thoughts.											mud	Event	To see mud in your dream suggests that you are involved in a messy and sticky situation.	"To dream that you are walking in mud suggests that you are feeling weighed down by a situation, problem, or relationship."	To dream that mud has gotten on your clothing means that your reputation is being attacked and called into question.									mud_flaps	Unknown	To see mud flaps in your dream means that you need to shield others from your drive and ambition.											muff	Event	To dream that you are wearing a muff signifies a solid foundation of fortune.											muffin	Substance	To see or eat a muffin in your dream signifies your taste for exquisite and expensive things in life.											mug	Body_Part	To see or use a mug in your dream represents love nurturance and the womb.	To see or use an insulated mug in your dream suggests that you are trying to keep a certain feeling or hope alive.										mugshot	Unknown	To see or dream that you are taking a mugshot indicates that you need to face up to your responsibilities and acknowledge the mistakes you have made.											mulberry	Food	To see a mulberry tree in your dream represents protection from some negative force in your waking life.											mulch	Unknown	To see or lay out mulch in your dream indicates that you are putting up some sort of protective layer or emotional barrier.											mule	Animal	To see a mule in your dream represents your stubbornness and unyielding personality.	To dream that you are riding a mule denotes that you are undertaking responsibilities that will give you a lot of anxiety.	"To dream that you are kicked by a mule refers to the anxiety and fear that you are experiencing, as a result of some guilt or wrongdoing."									mummy	Person	To see a mummy in your dream suggests that you are feeling trapped in a situation.											mumps	Illness	To dream that you have the mumps suggest that you are unable to communicate your point across.											murder	Action	To dream that you have committed a murder indicates that you are putting an end to an old habit and a former way of thinking.	To dream that you witness a murder indicates deep-seated anger towards somebody.										museum	Unknown	To see a museum in your dream indicates that your non-traditional path to success will make you stand out from the rest.	To dream that you are in a museum represents the things you value in life.										music	Activity	To hear harmonious and soothing music in your dream signifies prosperity and pleasure.	"To hear discordant or out of tune music in your dream signifies unhappiness, lack of harmony, and troubles in your relationship or domestic life."										music_box	Musical_Instrument	To see or open a music box in your dream represents the things that you treasure and hold dear to your heart.	To hear a music box in your dream indicates a past memory.										music_video	Unknown	To watch a music video in your dream suggests that you need to interject more excitement and thrill into your life.	To dream that you are making or you are in a music video suggests that you need to be more expressive and imaginative.										musical	Event	To dream that you are watching a musical indicates that you need to be careful not to get carried away by your emotions.											musical_chair	Unknown	To dream that you are playing musical chairs signifies instability in some area of your life.											musical_instrument	Musical_Instrument	To see musical instruments in your dream indicate the expectation of fun and pleasures.											musk	Substance	To smell musk in your dream denotes that you will find joy in situations where you least expect it.											mussel	Invertebrate	To see mussels in your dream indicate that you are closing yourself off and isolating yourself from others.											mustache	Unknown	To dream that you have a mustache when you don't really have one signifies that you are hiding an aspect of yourself.	To dream that you shave off your mustache denotes that you are revealing your true self.										mustang	Animal	"To see a mustang in your dream represents aggression, wildness, lust and untamed sexuality."											mutant	Animal	To dream that you are a mutant represents undeveloped aspects of yourself that you are ignoring or refusing to confront.	To see a mutant in your dream indicates your fears of things that are different.										mustard	Substance	To see mustard growing in your dream signifies success and wealth.	To dream that you are eating mustard seeds indicates regret over your hasty decisions.										mute	Tool	To dream that you are mute indicates that you are afraid to say something for fear of being criticized or judged.											muzzle	Body_Part	To see or use a muzzle in your dream suggests that you need to show better restraint in holding back your anger.											myrrh	Substance	To see myrrh in your dream signifies punishment or suffering.											myrtle	Plant	"To see a myrtle in your dream symbolizes happiness, peace, prosperity or domestic bliss."											mystery	Unknown	To read or watch a mystery in your dream indicates that you need to be on the lookout for something that is out of place or out of the ordinary.											nacho	Food	To make or eat nachos in your dream signifies your need for more leisurely pursuits.											nail_clipper	Unknown	To see or use a nail clipper in your dream implies that you need to rid something that is holding you back.											nail_file	Unknown	To see a nail file in your dream suggests that you need to smooth out the rough edges of your personality or your relationship with others.											nail_polish	Unknown	To dream that you are changing your nail polish color represents your creativeness or emotional nature.											nail	Tool	"To hammer nails in your dream represent your tenacity, persistence and ability to drive a hard bargain."	To see nails in your dream symbolize long and hard work for little compensation and pay.										naked	Unknown	To dream that you are naked denotes fear of being found out and exposed over your activities.	To see a naked person in your dream and you are disgusted by it represents some anxiety about discovering the naked truth about that person or situation.	To dream that everyone is naked except for you implies that there is something you are hiding from others.									name	Event	To dream that you forget your name or someone else's name suggests that you are feeling overwhelmed and burdened.	To hear your name being called in your dream indicates that you are in touch and in tune with your spirituality.	To see a familiar name written in your dream symbolizes the way you feel about that person.	To dream that you changed your name or are referred to by a different name suggests that you are undergoing some major transformation or metamorphosis in your waking life.								name_badge	Unknown	To see or wear a name badge in your dream symbolizes your identity.											nanny	Animal	To see or dream that you have a nanny implies that you are feeling overwhelmed.											nap	Activity	To dream that you are taking a nap suggests that you need to take a little time off to relax and take it easy.											napkin	Unknown	To see a napkin in your dream signifies neatness and cleanliness.											narcissus	Plant	To see a narcissus in your dream represents vanity.											narrow	Unknown	To dream about narrow spaces indicate that you are experiencing some struggle in your life journey.											nasturtiums	Unknown	To see nasturtiums in your dream symbolize patriotism and love of country.											national_anthem	Unknown	To hear or sing the national anthem of your own country in your dream signifies pride and love of country.											native_american	Person	To see a Native American in your dream represents the instinctual and untamed aspect of your character.											native_country	Unknown	To dream about your native country means that you are recognizing your roots and where you came from.											nativity	Event	To see the nativity in your dream indicates that you have made a startling new discovery about yourself and your capabilities.											nature	Unknown	"To dream of nature denotes freedom, tranquility, restoration, and renewal."											nausea	Illness	To dream that you have nausea suggests that you are suffering from a situation or condition in which you are trying to escape from.											navel	Place	To see your navel in your dream represents your being and self.	To dream that you or someone has a navel piercing denotes your deep connection with your mother.										navy	Unknown	"To dream that you are in the Navy symbolizes your need for organization, discipline and structure in your life."											nazi	Person	To see a Nazi in your dream represents an evil and merciless force that cannot be reasoned with.											near_death_experience	Unknown	To have a near death experience in your dream implies that you are experience a relapse of sorts.											nearsighted	Unknown	To dream that you are nearsighted indicates that your efforts and energies are too focused on short term goals and not on preparing for the long term of the future.											neat	Unknown	To dream that something is neat and tidy indicates that you need to get organized.											nebula	Illness	To see a nebula in your dream symbolizes an outburst of creative energy and possibilities.											neck	Body_Part	To see your neck in your dream signifies the relationship between the mind/mental and the body/physical.	To dream that your neck is injured or sore indicates a separation between your heart and mind.										neck_brace	Tool	To see or wear a neck brace in your dream implies that you are trying to reconnect your heart and mind.	To dream that someone is wearing a neck brace refers to your support system.										necklace	Unknown	To see or wear a necklace in your dream represents unsatisfied desires.											necromancer	Person	To dream that you are a hypnotist represents your powerful influence over others.											nectar	Food	To see or make nectar in your dream symbolizes sweetness and joy.											need	Unknown	To dream that you are in need suggests that you are lacking something important in your waking life.	To dream that someone is in need indicates that you need to be more compassionate and sympathetic to her or him.										needle	Tool	To see or use a needle in your dream indicates that you need to mend some relationship or situation that has gotten out of hand.	To dream that someone is using a needle suggests that you need to incorporate and join together various aspects of your consciousness.	"To look for a needle in your dream symbolizes useless worries over small, trivial matters."	To dream that you are threading a needle represents unfinished issues that you need to tend to and perhaps even repair.								negative	Event	To see picture negatives in your dream represent a relationship or situation that is developing.											negligee	Unknown	To see or wear a negligee in your dream indicates your suggestiveness.											neighbor	Person	To dream of having a good neighbor signifies enjoyment and tranquility at home.											neighborhood	Place	To dream about your neighborhood represents a sense of community.	To dream that you are in an unknown neighborhood signifies aspects of your subconscious.	To see a poor neighborhood in your dream indicates that you are feeling drained or emotionally impoverished.									nephew	Person	To dream of your nephew represents some aspect of yourself that you need to acknowledge or recognize within yourself.											neptune	Unknown	"To see the planet Neptune in your dream represents inspiration, imagination, and devotion."	To see the Neptune god in your dream indicates some supercharged emotion that you need to address in your waking life.										nerd	Person	To see or dream that you are a nerd indicates feelings of inferiority and/or ineffectiveness.											nervous	Unknown	To dream that you are nervous about something indicates that you are experiencing self-doubt and feelings of insecurity.											nervous_breakdown	Illness	To dream that you or someone has a nervous breakdown suggests that you have lost your frame of reference in a relationship or situation.											nest	Place	"To see a nest in your dream signifies comfort, safety, homeliness, protection, or new opportunities."											net	Tool	To see a net in your dream suggests that you are caught in a complicated life situation.											nettle	Plant	To see nettles in your dream represents a difficult situation that you need to avoid.											new	Unknown	To see a new house in your dream indicates that you are taking on a new identity and developing new strengths.	To see new shoes in your dream suggest that you are overconfident in your success.	To dream that you are at a new school means that you are feeling out of place in some situation.									new_year	Unknown	"To dream of the New Year signifies prosperity, hope, new beginnings and an opportunity to make a fresh start."											newborn	Person	"To see a baby in your dream signifies innocence, warmth and new beginnings."											news	Event	To watch or listen to the news in your dream signifies an important message from your subconscious.	To hear good news in your dream is a dream of the contrary and represents a negative turn in events.										newspaper	Substance	To see or read a newspaper in your dream signifies that new light and insight is being shed on a waking problem that is nagging on your mind.	To dream that you are unable to read the newspaper indicates that your reputation is being called into question.										newspaper_reporter	Unknown	To dream that you are a newspaper reporter indicates that you are making a conscious and objective observation of your life.											newt	Animal	"To see a newt in your dream represents misfortune, evil and harm."											newton's_cradle	Unknown	To see or play with Newton's Cradle in your dream implies that you are expending your energy on fruitless endeavors.											niche	Unknown	To dream that you are in a niche represents your need to belong and your need to feel protected.											nickel	Substance	To see a nickel in your dream symbolizes the number 5 and thus means a change in your path or course of action.											nickname	Unknown	To hear a nickname in your dream represents the feelings and memories your associate with the person who is referred to by that nickname.	To dream that someone is calling you by a nickname suggests that you are trying to change how you see yourself and how others see you.										niece	Person	To see your niece in your dream represents some aspect of yourself that you need to acknowledge or recognize within yourself.											night	Unknown	To have a dream that takes place at night represents some major setbacks and obstacles in achieving your goals.	"To dream that it is night time, but it is still as bright as day, indicates that you now have clarity and insight into a once unclear situation."										nightlight	Unknown	To see or switch on a nightlight in your dream indicates that you are looking for some guiding light or advice in some unknown situation or issue.											nightclub	Structure	To dream that you are in a nightclub represents the social aspects of your life and your sense of belonging.											nightgown	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a nightgown suggests that you are acknowledging and expressing aspects of yourself that you were previously uncomfortable about.											nightmare	Unknown	To dream that you are having a nightmare suggests that you are being overly indulgent and living a life of excess.											nightingale	Bird	"To see a nightingale in your dream indicates unrequited love, longing and pain."	To hear a nightingale in your dream denotes new beginning and spiritual enlightenment.										nightstand	Unknown	To see a nightstand in your dream represents the things in your life that you need to put to rest and let go of.											nike	Unknown	"To see the Nike logo in your dream is telling you to ""just do it""."											nimbus	Unknown	To see a nimbus around you or someone else refers to your deep spiritual growth and progress.											ninepins	Activity	To dream that you play ninepins indicate that you are foolishly wasting your energy and letting opportunities slip away.											ninja	Person	To see a ninja in your dream symbolizes a someone in your life whose intentions are unclear.	To dream that you are a ninja indicates passive aggressive behavior.										nipple	Body_Part	To see nipples in your dream relate to some infantile need.	To dream that you are squeezing pus out of your nipples refers to your negative feelings about relationships.	To dream that you have no nipples or that they have disappeared refer to your lack of sexual desire.	To dream that your nipples are scabbed or scarred indicate that you are feeling undesirable or unwomanly.								nirvana	Place	"To dream of nirvana symbolizes knowledge, perfection and peace."											no	Event	To dream that you are saying no suggests that you are standing up for what believe even though you are going against the majority.											noah's_ark	Unknown	To see an ark in your dream represents rebirth preservation and protection of something valuable.											noise	Event	To hear or make a strange noise in your dream signifies the unexpected and the unknown.											nomad	Person	To dream that you are a nomad suggests that you are searching for some direction in your life.											noon	Unknown	To dream of the afternoon time suggest that it is time to put your energies to good use.											noodle	Body_Part	To see noodles in your dream symbolize longevity and abundance.											noose	Tool	To see a noose in your dream represents your lack of independence.	To dream that a noose is around someone's neck signifies repressed anger and rage at that person or towards a particular condition.										north	Place	To dream of the direction north symbolizes reality.											north_pole	Place	"To dream that you are at the north pole signifies completion and an ending to some journey, situation, or relationship."											north_star	Unknown	To see the north star in your dream symbolizes a guiding light or a guardian angel that will point you toward your direction in life.											northern_light	Unknown	"To see the northern lights in your dream represent renewed energy, vitality, awe, insight and youth."											nose	Body_Part	To see your own nose in your dream signifies a conscious effort to achieve whatever endeavor you chose to undertake.	To dream that hair is growing on your nose signifies your strong will and solid character.	"To dream that a bug or insect is coming out of your nose indicates that you are being nosy to the point where it is ""bugging"" and bothering others."	To dream that you have a bloody nose means that your character is under attack.								notary	Person	To see a notary in your dream indicates that you are looking for approval or validation from someone.											note	Unknown	To dream that you are passing notes symbolize your pursuit for knowledge and information.	"To see musical notes in your dream represent harmony or disharmony in your waking life, depending on whether the musical note was a sharp note or flat note."										notebook	Machine	To see a notebook or notepad in your dream represents things that you need to keep track of and stay on top of.											nothingness	Unknown	To dream of nothing suggests that there is something missing or lacking in your life.											novel	Unknown	To see or read a novel in your dream suggests that you need to look at things from a different point of view or angle.											november	Unknown	To dream of the month of November indicates your indifference to a situation or problem.											novocain	Substance	To dream that you are under Novocain indicates that you are feeling numb in some area of your life.											nude	Person	To dream that you are naked denotes fear of being found out and exposed over your activities.	To see a naked person in your dream and you are disgusted by it represents some anxiety about discovering the naked truth about that person or situation.	To dream that everyone is naked except for you implies that there is something you are hiding from others.									nuclear_bomb	Unknown	To dream of a nuclear bomb suggests feelings of helplessness and loss of control.											nugget	Unknown	To see a gold nugget in your dream symbolizes a small piece of valuable information that you had overlooked or did not know about.											number	Event	To see numbers in your dream symbolize material gains and possessions.	To hear numbers in your dream mean that you need to pace yourself in some situation.	To see repeating numbers in your dream refers to some urgent matter or important them in your life that you are missing or overlooking.									numbness	Illness	To dream that you feel numbness indicates that you are letting fear take over and run your life.											nun	Person	"To see a nun in your dream signifies purity, chastity and obedience."											nunchucks	Unknown	To see or use nunchucks in your dream refers to your defensive stance about some situation.											nurse	Person	To dream that you are a nurse suggests that you need to show more compassion in a situation.	"To see a nurse in your dream means that you need to take time out in order to heal, mentally, physically and spiritually."										nursery	Building	To see a baby's nursery in your dream symbolizes your maternal instinct.	"To dream that you are in a plant nursery represents spiritual development, potential, growth and transformation."										nursing	Activity	"To dream that you are breast feeding or nursing symbolizes tenderness, love, nurturance, and motherly love."											nutcracker	Bird	To see a nutcracker in your dream represents power strength and stamina.											nutmeg	Food	To see nutmeg in your dream symbolizes a warm and loving home life.											nut	Body_Part	To see nuts in your dream represent craziness or confusion.	To dream that you are eating nuts signify prosperity and attainment of your desires.										nymph	Animal	To see a nymph in your dream represents the feminine mystique.											o	Letter	"To see the letter ""O"" in your dream signifies an exclamation of surprise as in ""oh!""."											oak_tree	Plant	"To see an oak tree in your dream symbolizes longevity, stability, strength, tolerance, wisdom, and prosperity."											oar	Tool	To see or use oars in your dream signify control over your emotions.											oasis	Structure	To see an oasis in your dream refers to your need for a vacation.	"To dream that you are searching for an oasis symbolizes inner fears, insecurities, and overwhelming circumstances."										oath	Event	To dream that you are taking an oath represents your need for the truth.	To dream that you refuse to take an oath suggests that you are trying to hide something.										oatmeal	Food	To dream that you are eating oatmeal suggests that you are well-grounded.	To dream that you are making oatmeal represents control over the destiny of someone close to you.	To dream that you are eating an oatmeal cookie suggests that it is okay to indulge once in a while.									oat	Food	"To see or eat oats in your dream symbolize simplicity, comfort and solace."											obelisk	Structure	To see an obelisk in your dream signifies your cold and harden nature.											obese	Unknown	To dream that you are obese denotes overindulgence.											obituary	Unknown	To see or read an obituary in your dream represents the end to your old attitudes and outdated beliefs.											obscene	Unknown	To see or hear something obscene in your dreams represents aspects of your sex life.											observatory	Structure	To see an observatory in your dream signifies your high goals and aspirations.											obsession	Unknown	To dream of an obsession suggests that you need to take some time to work through some difficulty.											obsidian	Substance	To see obsidian in your dream suggests that you are well-grounded or that you need to be more grounded.											ocean	Unknown	To see an ocean in your dream represents the state of your emotions and feelings.	To dream that you are kissing the ocean floor implies that you are coming to terms with your emotions.										octagon	Unknown	"To see an octagon in your dream indicates a spiritual reawakening, eternal life or resurrection."											october	Unknown	To dream of the month of October signifies gratifying success in your endeavors.											octopus	Invertebrate	To see an octopus in your dream means that you are entangled in some difficult matter.											odd_number	Unknown	To see odd numbers in your dream indicates unresolved issues and aggressive behavior in your life.											odometer	Tool	To see an odometer in your dream refers to how far or how little you have advanced in your life.											odor	Unknown	To smell an odor in your dream indicates a memory or past experience.											offering	Event	To dream that you are bringing or making an offering suggests that you are trying to make amends over a past mistake.											office	Place	To dream of your work office indicates that you cannot seem to leave your work at the office.	To dream that you hold public office represents your acceptance for the consequences of your actions.										office_chair	Unknown	To see or sit on an office chair in your dream signifies your professional mobility.											officer	Person	To see an officer in your dream represents your need to belong and to fit in to a larger group.	To dream that you are an officer represents your leadership skills and your authoritative presence.										offspring	Animal	To see your offspring in your dream symbolizes an aspect of yourself that you are trying to nurture.											ogre	Person	To see an ogre in your dream signifies self-criticism and discipline.											oil	Substance	To see oil in your dream represents your desires to have things run more smoothly.	To see baby oil in your dream indicates that you need to soothe the child within you.	To see crude oil in your dream signifies great wealth and riches.									oil_spill	Unknown	To see an oil spill in your dream suggests that you are in emotional turmoil.											ointment	Substance	To see ointment in your dream indicates that you are undergoing a period of healing.											old	Unknown	To see something old in your dream suggests that there is something in your life that you need to replace or get rid of.	To see or dream that you are an old man or woman refers to your wise decisions.										olive	Food	To see or eat olives in your dream symbolize healing and immortality.											olympics	Event	To dream that you are competing in the Olympics symbolizes the spirit of competition.											omelet	Food	To see or eat an omelet in your dream indicates a bright start to your day.											omen	Event	"To dream about an omen reflects your concerns, fears and/or anxieties about the future."											onion	Substance	To see or eat onions in your dream represent the multitude of layers that you need to get through in order to unveil what is really underneath.											onyx	Substance	"To see onyx in your dream represents self- confidence, spiritual and mental balance and peace of mind."											opal	Substance	To see an opal in your dream refers to your libido and sexual desire.											opening	Action	To see an opening in your dream signifies a strong influence and powerful inspiration entering your life.	To dream that you are opening something suggests that you are unleashing your potential.										opera	Building	To watch an opera in your dream represents your quest for the grander things in life.											operation	Activity	To dream that you are having an operation suggests that you need to get something out of your system or cut it out of your life.	"To dream of a military operation suggests that you need to approach some issue or situation with discipline, precision and planning."										operator	Person	To dream of a telephone operator indicates that you are looking for some guidance into your subconscious.											opium	Substance	To see or smoke opium in your dream suggests that there is an issue or situation that you are avoiding.											opponent	Person	To dream that you have an opponent signifies an aspect of yourself in which you are in conflict with.											opposite_sex	Unknown	To dream that you are the opposite sex suggests that you need to incorporate certain qualities of the opposite sex.											oracle	Building	To dream of an oracle symbolizes your belief of fate.											oral_sex	Unknown	To dream that you are giving or receiving oral sex signifies your willingness to give or receive pleasure/joy.	To dream that you are performing oral sex on yourself represents your need for self-gratification.										orange_juice	Food	To see or drink orange juice in your dream symbolizes energy and vitality.											orange	Food	To dream that you are eating oranges indicate satisfaction with your life and where you are at.											orangutan	Animal	To see an orangutan in your dream signifies your wild inner character and sexual desires.											orb	Body_Part	To see an orb in your dream symbolizes truth and a sudden understanding or realization.											orca	Animal	To see an orca in your dream indicates that you need to be more social or more vocal about something.											orchard	Place	To see or be in an orchard in your dream represents your potential for success.											orchestra	Unknown	"To dream that you are in an orchestra represents inner integration, resolution, and harmony."	To hear the music of an orchestra signifies your connection to humanity.	"To dream that you are conducting an orchestra indicates control, empowerment."									orchid	Plant	"To see orchids in your dream symbolize gentleness, romance, beauty, lust and sensuality."											ore	Substance	To see ore in your dream indicates that you are still in the process of digesting certain concepts that you have learned in your life.											organ	Musical_Instrument	To hear or play an organ in your dream represents your spiritual connection and religious views.	To dream of your internal organ indicates concerns about your health.										organist	Person	To see an organist in your dream represents discipline and harmony.											orgasm	Action	To dream that you are having an orgasm represents an exciting end to something.	To dream that you do not achieve orgasm signifies some frustration in your life.										orgy	Activity	To see an orgy in your dream signifies repressed desires of your own sexuality and passion.											orient	Place	"To dream that you are in the orient signifies spiritual awakening, wisdom and intuition."											origami	Activity	To fold or make origami in your dream represents your creativity.											ornament	Unknown	To see or hang an ornament in your dream refers to the things in your life that you do to make yourself feel good.											oriole	Bird	"To see an oriole in your dream represents the sun, light and happiness."											orphan	Animal	To see an orphan in your dream signifies fears of abandonment.	To dream that you are an orphan suggests that you need to learn to be more independent and self-sufficient.										orphanage	Structure	To dream that you are in an orphanage signifies your sense of belonging or the lack of.											orthodontist	Person	To see an orthodontist in your dream represents your concerns about your appearance.											ostrich	Bird	To see an ostrich in your dream suggests that you are not facing reality.	To see an ostrich egg in your dream symbolizes rebirth.										otter	Animal	"To see an otter in your dream symbolizes happiness, playfulness and good fortune."											ottoman	Person	To see or use an ottoman in your dream symbolizes relaxation.											otoscope	Tool	To see or use an otoscope in your dream implies that you need to pay close attention to something that you are overlooking in your waking life.											outbreak	Event	To dream that there is an outbreak suggests that you are letting negativity rule your behavior.											outcast	Person	To dream that you are an outcast represents some rejected aspect of yourself.											outer_space	Place	To dream of outer space represents your boundless creativity.											outhouse	Building	To see an outhouse in your dream suggests that you need to be more open with your feelings.											outlaw	Person	To dream that you are an outlaw signifies the repressed and animalistic side of your character.											outlet	Activity	To see an outlet in your dream represents your potential and untapped energies.											outside	Place	"To dream that you are outside represents freedom, openness and opportunities."											oval	Unknown	"To see an oval in your dream represents the vagina, womb and feminine qualities."											ovary	Body_Part	To dream of your ovaries signify your desire for children or your preoccupation with getting pregnant.											oven	Unknown	"To see a hot oven in your dream indicates passion, loyalty, warmth, devotion, togetherness and unselfishness."	To see a toy oven in your dream implies that you or someone is not being genuine.										oven_mitt	Unknown	To see or wear oven mitts in your dream indicates that you are dealing with some emotional situation or issue in your life that needs to be handled with care.											overcoat	Unknown	To wear an overcoat in your dream suggests that you are shielding yourself from life's hurt.											overall	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing overalls represent your sloppy attitudes and incoherent thoughts.											owl	Bird	"To see an owl in your dream symbolizes wisdom, insight, magic, expanded awareness and virtue."	To hear the hoot of an owl in your dream denotes disappointments and death.	To see a dead owl in your dream signifies some illness or death.	To dream that an owl is trying to peck your eyes out means lacking insight.								ox	Animal	To see an ox in your dream represents the balance between the masculine power and the feminine mystique.											oxygen	Substance	To dream of oxygen symbolizes renewal and creative energy.	To dream that you do not have enough oxygen suggests that you are feeling suffocated or smothered by a situation in your life.										oxygen_mask	Tool	"To see or wear an oxygen mask in your dream suggests that you are feeling helpless, stifled or smothered in your waking life."											oyster	Invertebrate	To dream that you are eating oysters indicate sexual urges and gratification.	"To see oysters in your dream symbolize beauty, humility, wealth, and wisdom."										pacifier	Tool	To see a pacifier in your dream represents emotional nurturance.	"To dream that you are sucking on a pacifier implies that you are trying to ""suck up to"" someone in your waking life."										pacify	Unknown	To dream that you are trying to pacify someone or something indicates your ability to remain calm or objective in a situation.											package	Unknown	"To see a package in your dream represents hidden creative energy, skills, and/or feelings."											packing	Action	To dream that you are packing signifies big changes ahead for you.	"To dream that you are packing, unpacking and packing and unpacking again represents chaos in your life."										padlock	Tool	To see a lock in your dream signifies your inability to get what you want.	To dream that a lock is accidentally shut around your wrist suggests that you are debating on whether to be more open about your feelings or keep them to yourself.	"To dream that a lock is broken is a metaphor that you are feeling insecure, either emotionally or physically."	"To see a puzzle lock in your dream implies that you need to carefully think about how to proceed with a situation, before acting."								paddleball	Unknown	To see or play with a paddleball in your dream represents your frivolous pursuits.											page	Substance	To see or read a page in your dream signifies a summary of your life.	To see a blank page in your dream signifies unproductively.	To dream that you are a page refers to your lack of motivation.									pageant	Activity	To watch or dream that you are in a beauty pageant refers to your own insecurities about your appearances.											pager	Tool	To see a pager in your dream suggests that someone is trying hard to communicate their thoughts to you.											pagoda	Building	To see a pagoda in your dream represents your own sense of spirituality.											pail	Unknown	To see or carry a pail in your dream indicates an improvement in your current situation.											pain	Person	"To dream that you are in pain suggests that you are being too hard on yourself, especially if a situation was out of your control."	To dream that you are inflicting pain to yourself indicates that you are experiencing some overwhelming turmoil or problems in your waking life.										paint	Substance	To see paint in your dream symbolizes expression of your inner emotions.	To mix paint in your dream suggests that you are incorporating a little variety in your life.										paintball	Activity	"To dream that you are playing paintball represents your competitive, but fun side."	To dream of stalking someone in paintball signifies your eagerness to tackle a challenge.										paintbrush	Tool	To see or use a paintbrush in your dream represents harmony and creativity.											painting	Activity	To dream that you are painting your house indicates that you will experience success in a new project.	To see a painting in your dream represents creativity and your need for self-expression.	To dream that you are painting a picture indicates that you need to express your creative side more.									pajamas	Unknown	To see or wear pajamas in your dream suggests that you need to relax and get some rest.											palace	Building	To see a palace in your dream symbolizes wealth and prominence.											pale	Unknown	"To dream that you are pale symbolizes sickness, disaster or fear."											pall	Unknown	To see a pall in your dream symbolizes death or the end of something.	"To dream that you raise the pall from a coffin signifies bad news, bereavement, or grief."										pallbearer	Person	To see a pallbearer in your dream suggests denotes that you have to keep your temper in check.											pallet	Tool	To see a pallet in your dream symbolizes industry and manual labor.											palm	Body_Part	"To notice your palm in your dream represents your generosity and openness, especially if they are open."											palm_tree	Plant	"To see a palm tree in your dream represents tranquility, high aspirations, fame, victory, hopes, and longevity."											palpitations	Unknown	To dream that you are having palpitations represent fears that you are not confronting in your waking life.											pan	Tool	To see a pan in your dream refers to your attitude and your stance on a particular situation.	To see a frying pan in your dream represents completeness in love.										panda	Animal	To see a panda in your dream suggests that you are having difficulties coming to a compromise in a waking situation.											pangolin	Animal	To see a pangolin in your dream means that you need to protect yourself from your own drive.											panic	Unknown	To dream that you are in a panic indicates a lack of control and power in your life.											pansy	Person	To see a pansy in your dream symbolizes undying and never ending love.											panther	Animal	To see a panther in your dream signifies lurking danger and enemies working to do you harm.											panty	Unknown	To see or wear panties in your dream represent your feminine attitudes and feelings.	To dream that you are taking off your panties signifies your ideas of sexuality.										pantomime	Activity	To see a pantomime in your dream represents a time in your life when things were more carefree and spontaneous.	To dream that you are a pantomime indicates that your voice is not being heard.										pant	Event	To see or wear pants in your dream suggest that you are questioning your role in some situation.	To dream that you are wearing velvet pants signifies your sensual side.										pantyhose	Unknown	To see or wear a pantyhose in your dream represents alluring sexuality.											papaya	Food	To see or eat papaya in your dream indicates a healthy sex drive.											pap_smear	Unknown	To dream that you are getting a pap smear indicates concerns with your body and/or sexuality.											paper	Substance	To see blank white paper in your dream signifies your desire to make a fresh start in your life.	To see crumpled paper in your dream symbolizes abandoned ideas.										paper_bag	Unknown	"To see an empty or folded paper bag in your dream represents the womb, secrets and the feminine."	To see a filled paper bag in your dream denotes something that may appear ordinary on the outside but can be extraordinary inside.										paper_plane	Unknown	To see or fold a paper plane in your dream represents your frivolous pursuits.											paper_towel	Unknown	To see or use a paper towel in your dream suggests that you are experiencing some temporary setbacks.											paperclip	Tool	To see or use a paper clip in your dream indicates that you are trying to hold together a relationship.											paparazzo	Person	To dream that you are being chased or stalked by the paparazzi indicates that your privacy is being violated.	To see the paparazzi in your dream represents your need to focus in on a particular situation.										papyrus	Plant	To see a papyrus in your dream indicates that you need to look to the past order to learn from it.											parachute	Unknown	To dream that you are in a parachute represents a protective force over you.	To dream that you have difficulties with a parachute or that the parachute does not open suggests that you are let down by someone you relied on and trusted.										parade	Activity	To dream that you are watching a parade indicates that you are being sidetracked or distracted from achieving your goals.	To dream that you are in a parade indicates that you are going along with the masses and with what everybody else wants.										paradise	Place	To dream that you are in paradise symbolizes your desire to achieve spiritual perfection.											parallel	Place	To see a parallel line in your dream suggests that you like to avoid conflict and confrontation.	To dream that you are in a parallel dimension or parallel universe implies some regret you have about a past decision or choice.										paralyzed	Unknown	To dream that you are paralyzed reflects the current state of your body while you are dreaming.											paramedic	Person	To see the paramedics in your dream signify an issue that you need to address immediately before it gets to a critical state.											paranormal	Unknown	To dream that objects are moving on its own or that switches and electronics are turning on/off or some other paranormal activity indicates that you are refusing to take responsibility for your actions.											parasite	Person	To see a parasite in your dream suggests that you are feeling physically drained.											parcel	Event	To see a box in your dream signifies your instinctual nature and destructive impulses.	To dream that you are opening a box indicates an aspect of yourself that was once hidden is now being revealed.										parent	Person	"To see your parents in your dream symbolize both power, shelter, and love."	To dream about the death of your parents indicates that you are undergoing a significant change in your waking life.										paris	Place	To dream that you are in Paris symbolizes your need for romance and passion.											park	Structure	To dream that you are at a park represents a temporary escape from reality.	"To dream that you are lost in a park indicates your struggles with your career, relationship, or other problem."										park_ranger	Unknown	To see or dream that you are a park ranger represents control of your subconscious.											parking_attendant	Unknown	To dream that you are a parking attendant indicates that you are lacking your own direction in life.											parking_lot	Place	To dream that you are in parking lot suggests that you need to slow down and take time from your daily activities.											parking_meter	Tool	To see a parking meter in your dream indicates that your leisurely and carefree days are soon coming to an end.											parking_structure	Unknown	To see or dream that you are in a parking structure suggests that you are going around in circles in some area of your life.											parking_ticket	Unknown	To dream that you are getting a parking ticket suggests that you are feeling lost and not knowing what you want to do with your life.											parkour	Unknown	To dream that you are performing a parkour move indicates that you are not letting any obstacles stand in your way of your goals.	To see someone performing parkour in your dream suggests that you need to be more flexible and efficient with how your manage your time.										parliament	Activity	To dream that you are part of parliament represents your leadership abilities.											parole	Action	To dream that you are on parole implies that you need to consider the consequence of all your actions.											parrot	Bird	To see a parrot in your dream represents some message or gossip that is being conveyed to you.											parsley	Food	To see parsley in your dream represents success.											partner	Person	To see a partner in your dream suggests that you need to seek the help of others in order to accomplish a mutual goal.											partridge	Bird	To see a partridge in your dream signifies independence.											party	Event	To dream that you are at a party suggests that you need to get out more and enjoy yourself.	To dream that you are planning a party implies that you are being too methodical and need to be more spontaneous.										party_horn	Unknown	To see a party horn in your dream indicates that you do not have an outlet to freely express yourself.											passenger	Person	To dream that you are a passenger suggests that you are not in control of your life.											passion_fruit	Food	To see or eat a passion fruit in your dream represents your spiritual connection.	To drink passion fruit in your dream signifies life or vitality.										passport	Unknown	To see a passport in your dream represents your identity and your ability to traverse through various situations.	To dream that you lose your passport indicates that you are trying to find yourself and get a sense of who you are.	To dream that your passport is getting stamped represents approval.									password	Unknown	To see a password in your dream represents access and control.	To dream that you forget your password indicates a loss of control in some aspect of your waking life.										past	Unknown	To dream of the past suggests that a current waking situation is paralleling a past situation.											pasta	Substance	To make or eat pasta in your dream represents your need for energy.											paste	Food	To see glue in your dream indicates a fear of being trapped in some situation and not being able to get out of it.											pastel	Unknown	To dream of pastel colors indicate that you are not fully recognizing and dealing with some part of your emotions.											pastor	Person	To see a pastor in your dream suggests that you are in need of spiritual guidance and advice.											pastry	Substance	"To see or eat a pastry in your dream refers to indulgence, sensual pleasure and satisfaction."											patent	Unknown	To dream that you are applying for a patent signifies your successes and your many accomplishments.											path	Action	To walk through an open path in your dream signifies clarity of thought and peace of mind.	To see a blocked or windy path in your dream denotes that you need to give serious attention to the direction you are heading in your personal and/or business life.										patient	Person	To dream that you are a patient suggests that you are going through a healing process.											patio	Structure	To dream that you are in the patio represents your openness toward a particular situation.	To dream that the doors to the patio are opened refer to your receptive state of mind.										patricide	Action	To dream that you commit patricide means that you are rejecting authority and rules.											patron	Person	To see a customer or customers in your dream refers to others who share your viewpoints and ideas.											pattern	Activity	To see a pattern in your dream suggests that your life has become monotonous and repetitious.	To see or work with a dress pattern in your dream indicates that you are trying to emulate somebody.										patty-cake	Unknown	To play patty-cake in your dream represents your carefree nature.	To see children playing patty-cake refers to your own childhood memories.										pauper	Person	To dream that you are a pauper suggests that you are not utilizing your inner talents and full potential.											pavement	Place	To see or walk on pavement in your dream suggests that you have a clear understanding and grasp of a situation.											paw	Body_Part	To see an animal paw in your dream suggests that you need to trust your intuition and animal instincts.	To see bloody paw prints in your dream represents a repression of your animalistic desires.										pawnshop	Structure	"To see or be in a pawnshop in your dream suggests that you are depleting your resources, either physically, spiritually or emotionally."											paycheck	Unknown	To see your paycheck in your dream symbolizes the results of your hard work and the fruits of your labor.											paying	Unknown	To dream that you are paying for something indicates the price you pay for your decisions and actions.											payphone	Unknown	To use a payphone in your dream represents a message or advice that comes with a price.	To dream that the payphone is out of order indicates that you are being shut out.										pe	Unknown	To dream that you are in PE class indicates that you need to lay a better foundation for a healthier lifestyle.											peace	Unknown	To dream of peace and tranquility indicates a resolution to some emotional issue or inner conflict.											peach	Food	To see a peach in your dream represents pleasure and joy.											peacock	Bird	"To see a peacock in your dream represents spring birth, new growth, longevity, and love."											peak	Structure	To dream that you are at the peak of a mountain symbolizes your successes and achievements.											peanut_butter	Food	To see or eat peanut butter in your dream suggests that you are having difficulties communicating your thoughts and ideas.											peanut	Food	To see or eat peanuts in your dream symbolize the need to get to the truth or core of something.											pear	Food	To see a pear in your dream symbolizes the womb and fertility.	To see a pear tree in your dream represents new opportunities.										pearl	Unknown	To see or wear pearl earrings in your dream indicates that are being given some wise advice you should follow.	"To see a pearl ring in your dream symbolizes tenderness, purity of love and early romance."	To see a black pearl in your dream denotes bad luck.									pea	Substance	To see peas in your dream symbolize some minor problems and annoyances that are continually bothering you.											pebble	Unknown	To see a pebble in your dream represents minor difficulties and annoyances in your life.											pedestal	Tool	To dream that you are on a pedestal indicates recognition and honor.	To see a pedestal in your dream refers to something or someone that you look up to.										pedicure	Activity	To dream that you are getting a pedicure indicates that you are moving in the right direction.											pedophile	Person	To dream about a pedophile signifies your ultimate fears.	To dream that you are a pedophile signifies a transitional phase in your life.										peephole	Unknown	To look through a peephole in your dream indicates that you have a narrow perspective on a situation.											peeping	Unknown	To dream that you are peeping on someone signifies mistrust and insecurities.											pegasus	Unknown	To see Pegasus in your dream symbolizes swiftness and agility.											pelican	Bird	"To see a pelican in your dream represents nurturance, sacrifice, and charity."											pellet_gun	Unknown	To see or use a BB Gun in your dream symbolizes an unperceived threat.											pelvis	Body_Part	To see your pelvis in your dream represents sexual issues and you sense of femininity and masculinity.											pen	Bird	To see a pen in your dream signifies self-expression and communication.											pencil	Tool	To see a pencil in your dream indicates that you are making a temporary impact in a situation.	To dream that you are sharpening a pencil suggests that you need to be more flexible in your way of thinking.	To dream that you have pencil lead stuck in your fingers implies that you need to start putting your words into action.									pendant	Unknown	To see or wear a pendant in your dream represents your relationships and the desires for unconditional love.											pendulum	Unknown	To see the back and forth swinging of a pendulum suggests that you are experiencing some difficulties or confusion in making an important choice in your life.											pendulum_thrill_ride	Unknown	To see or dream that you are on a pendulum thrill ride implies that you are experiencing wild mood swings.											penguin	Bird	To see a penguin in your dream signifies that your problems are not as serious as you may think.											penis	Body_Part	"To see a penis in your dream signifies sexual energy, power, aggression, and fertility, especially if the penis is erect."	To dream that someone says he or she saw your penis means that you are dealing with some sexual matter in a roundabout or indirect way.	To dream that your penis falls or snaps off implies a loss of power.									penny	Unknown	To see a penny in your dream indicates your fears of poverty or financial loss.	To find a penny in your dream suggests that you are discovering your hidden talents and are ready to unleash your potential.										pentacle	Unknown	To see or wear a pentacle in your dream indicates that you are being protected by some spiritual power.											pentagon	Building	"To see or draw a pentagon shape in your dream represents strength, power and stability."	To see or dream that you are in the Pentagon implies that you are looking for protection in some area of your life.										pentagram	Unknown	To see a pentagram in your dream represents humanity and protection.	"To see an inverted pentagram (where the point is facing downward) signifies conflict, negativity and aggression."										penthouse	Structure	To dream that you are in a penthouse represents the creative and spiritual aspect of yourself.											peony	Plant	To see a peony in your dream represents your well thought-out plans and ideas.											people	Unknown	To see people you know in your dream signifies qualities and feelings of them that you desire for yourself.	To see people you don't know in your dream denotes hidden aspects of yourself that you need to confront or acknowledge.	To dream that people are standing or blocking your way refers to those around you who don't want you to move ahead and succeed in life.	To see dangerous people in your dream suggests that you need to proceed with caution in some endeavor.								pepper	Substance	To see or taste pepper in your dream indicates that you need to put a little more spice and variety in your life.											peppermint	Food	"To smell or taste peppermint in your dream suggests that you are feeling calm, soothed and relaxed."	To see or eat a peppermint candy in your dream represents a sweet reward.										pepperoni	Substance	To see or eat pepperoni in your dream indicates that you need to add a little pizzazz and spice to your life.											percolator	Tool	To see or hear a percolator in your dream suggests that you need to take things a little slower.											perfect	Unknown	To dream that something or someone is perfect represents your unrealistic expectations and idealistic notions.											perfume	Unknown	To dream that you are spraying or wearing perfume suggests that you are seeking for more pleasure in your life.	To smell perfume in your dream represents memories and nostalgia.										peridot	Substance	To see a peridot in your dream signifies good company and long lasting friendship.											period	Unknown	To see a period in your dream symbolizes the end to something.											periodic_table	Unknown	To see the periodic table in your dream indicates that you need to get to the core of some matter.											periscope	Tool	To see or use a periscope in your dream indicates that you need to rise above your current situation in order to get a better perspective on things.											perm	Place	To dream that that you are getting a perm signifies a change in your outlook and way of thinking.											permit	Event	To dream that you are applying for a permit represents your rights.											permission	Event	To dream that you are asking for or need permission represents your lack of power and freedom.	To dream that someone is asking for your permission represents your authoritative power.										perpetual_motion	Unknown	To dream of perpetual motion indicates that you are experiencing general anxiety and nervousness over a situation.											persimmon	Food	"To see or eat a persimmon in your dream symbolizes joy, glory and victory."											personal_trainer	Unknown	To see or dream that you have a personal trainer suggests that you need to push yourself to do better.											perspective	Unknown	To have a dream where your perspective changes from the first person to the third person means that you need to take other people's point of view into consideration.											pervert	Person	To see a pervert in your dream suggests that you are having issues with closeness in some relationship.											pet_food	Food	To see or buy pet food in your dream represents the development of some skill.	To eat pet food in your dream suggests that you need to address some animalistic or primitive thoughts.										pet_store	Unknown	To see or dream that you are at a pet store represents the responsibilities that you are undertaking.	To dream that you are stealing an animal from the pet store means you are underestimating your self worth.										petal	Unknown	To see petals in your dream indicate a broken relationship or a rift in a friendship.											peter_pan	Person	To see Peter Pan in your dream represents your desires to escape from your daily burdens.											petition	Event	To dream that you are signing a petition suggests that you are ready to make a major change in your life.											petroleum	Substance	To see petroleum in your dream symbolizes an aspect of your life that is potentially volatile and explosive.											petticoat	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a petticoat represents your reluctance in revealing something about yourself.											petting	Unknown	To dream that you are petting an animal indicates that you are acknowledging or embracing some physical attribute or primitive desire within yourself.											pew	Unknown	To see or sit on a pew in your dream suggests that you need to stop and reflect on your past mistakes or issues before you can move forward.											pewter	Substance	To see items made of pewter in your dream suggests that you are holding on to the past.											phantom	Unknown	"To see a phantom in your dream represents guilt, fear, and/or repressed memories."											pharaoh	Person	To see or dream that you are a pharaoh indicates that you are acknowledging the authoritarian within yourself.											pharmacy	Structure	To dream that you are in pharmacy suggests that you need to correct your thinking and readjust your attitude.											pheasant	Bird	To see a pheasant in your dream symbolizes motherhood and nurturance.											philanthropist	Person	To dream that you are a philanthropist represents your generosity and giving nature.											philosophy	Unknown	To dream about philosophy implies that you are trying to understand the world around you.											phobia	Illness	To dream that you have a phobia suggests that you need to confront your fears.											phoenix	Place	"To see a phoenix in your dream symbolizes transformation, immortality and renewal."											phone_number	Unknown	To see a phone number in your dream suggests that you need to make contact with someone and reach out for help.	To dream that you cannot remember or find a phone number means that you need to start being more independent and responsible.	To dream that you cannot dial a phone number correctly suggests that you are having difficulties in getting through to someone in your waking life.									photo_album	Unknown	To dream that you are looking through a photo album suggests that you are unwilling to let go of your memories and the past.											photo_booth	Unknown	To dream that you are in a photo booth implies that things that are thought to be private may not be so private.											photo_shoot	Unknown	To dream that you are in a photo shoot suggests that you are keeping up an appearance.											photocopier	Unknown	To see or use a copier in your dream represents your lack of originality and your tendency to copy other's ideas/beliefs.											photograph	Unknown	To see a photograph in your dream indicates that there is a relationship that needs your attention.											photographer	Person	"To dream that you are a photographer represents your desire to hold on to a certain image, time or period in your life."											piano	Musical_Instrument	To dream that you are playing a piano indicates a quest for harmony in your life.	To dream that you hear the sound of a piano suggests harmony in your life.	To dream that the piano needs to be tuned indicates some aspect of your life is in discord.									pickaxe	Tool	To see or use a pickaxe in your dream represents a level of sexual aggression or sexual tension.											pickle	Food	To see or eat a pickle in your dream signifies some anxiety and fear of coming trouble.											pick-up_truck	Unknown	To see a pick-up truck in your dream represents hard work.											pickpocket	Person	To dream that you are a pickpocket indicates that you are willing to go to any lengths in order to get the information you need.											picnic	Activity	To dream that you are at a picnic signifies a joyful and tranquil domestic life.	To see a picnic basket in your dream indicates an opportunity to share your ideas and opinions with others.	To see or sit at a picnic table in your dream symbolizes unity and togetherness.									picture	Event	To see a picture in your dream symbolizes a mental imprint that remains persistent in your mind.	To dream that you are hanging a picture represents acceptance the image that is depicted in the picture.	To dream that you are taking a picture suggests that you need to focus more attention on some situation or relationship.	"To see a blurry picture in your dream suggests that your memory of the depicted event, incident, or people, is fading."								picture_frame	Structure	To see or place a picture in a picture frame in your dream represents a wish to have a current situation or relationship remain the same as it is now.											pie	Substance	To see a pie in your dream symbolizes the rewards of your hard work.											piecrust	Unknown	To see or make piecrust in your dream indicates broken promises.											pier	Tool	To see or dream that you are on a pier represents self-reflection and introspective into your subconscious.											piercing	Unknown	To dream that you or someone has a navel piercing denotes your deep connection with your mother.	To dream that you or someone has a nose piercing implies that you need to pay closer attention to some issue.										pieta	Unknown	To see the pieta in your dream symbolizes the eternal bond and love between mother and child.											pig	Animal	"To see a pig in your dream symbolizes dirtiness, greediness, stubbornness or selfishness."											pigeon	Bird	To see a pigeon in your dream suggests that you are taking the blame for the actions of others.	To dream that a pigeon is being eaten or swallowed by another animal implies that you will suffer the consequences of spreading some rumor or news.										piggyback	Action	To dream that you are giving someone a piggyback ride symbolizes your supportive role.	To dream that you are riding piggyback on someone represents your lack of power or control in a situation.										piggybank	Unknown	To see a piggybank in your dream represents financial worries.											piglet	Animal	"To see a piglet in your dream refers to someone in your life who has character flaws and imperfections, but you accept them."											pigsty	Unknown	To see a pigsty in your dream symbolizes a messy situation.											pigtails	Unknown	"To dream that you are wearing pigtails indicates a regression into childhood, where times were more innocent and carefree."											pile	Tool	To see a pile of something in your dream signifies some overwhelming burden or excess in your life.	To see a pile of debris or trash in your dream represents the rejected or unwanted aspects of yourself.										pilgrim	Person	To dream that you are a pilgrim suggests that you are undergoing a spiritual journey.	To see a pilgrim in your dream represents an aspect of yourself that is striving toward greater understanding of who you are and of the world you live in.										pill	Substance	To see or take a pill in your dream signifies a restoration of your inner harmony.											pillar	Tool	"To see a pillar in your dream represents your strength, stability, and a firm stance, especially in the face of adversity."											pillow	Unknown	To see a pillow in your dream represents comfort.	To dream that you are lying on a pillow suggests that you are in need of some mental support.	To dream that your pillow is gone indicates that you are in self-denial.									pilot	Structure	To dream that you are a pilot indicates that you are in complete control of your destination in life.											pin	Tool	To dream that you are pricked by a pin signifies a sticky situation or relationship that is falling apart or that is unstable.											pin_cushion	Unknown	To see or use a pin cushion in your dream signifies stinging remarks or hurtful comments.											pinball	Activity	"To see a pinball machine or dream that you are playing pinball suggests that with patience, control, and precision, you will succeed in your goals."											pinwheel	Substance	To see or play with a pinwheel in your dream suggests that you will succeed on your own power and your creative energy.											pincer	Body_Part	"To dream that you have pincers for hands suggest that you are going to great lengths to try to get your hands on something, even through underhanded means."	To see or be grabbed by pincers in your dream indicates that someone or some situation has a strong hold over you.										pine_tree	Plant	"To see a pine tree in your dream symbolizes immortality, life, and/or fertility."											pineapple	Food	"To see a pineapple in your dream represents self-confidence, ambition and success."	To eat a pineapple indicates sexual problems and issues of losing control.										pinecone	Unknown	To see a pinecone in your dream symbolizes wealth and good fortune.											ping_pong	Unknown	To see or play ping pong in your dream suggests that you are going back and forth between two choices.											pinky_finger	Unknown	"To notice your pinky finger in your dream represents mental power, intellect, memory, and the power of communication."											pinocchio	Unknown	To see Pinocchio in your dream suggests that you or someone are not being truthful in some situation.											pioneer	Person	To dream that you are a pioneer suggests that you are exploring aspects of your subconscious.											pipe	Musical_Instrument	To see a water pipe in your dream indicates that you are open and receptive to new ideas.	To dream that you are inside a pipe represents your narrow vision and your seemingly lack of options.	To dream that you are smoking a pipe denotes knowledge or contemplation.									pirate	Conveyance	To see a pirate in your dream signifies that some person or situation is adding chaos to your emotional life.	To dream that you are a pirate suggests that you are taking advantage of others.										pirate_ship	Conveyance	To see a pirate ship in your dream signifies your suppressed desires for freedom and adventure.	To dream of a flying pirate ship implies that you are letting your adventurous side guide you and take control.										pisces	Place	"To dream that someone is a Pisces indicates your sensitivity, imagination, compassion and sympathy for others."											pistol	Weapon	To dream that you are aiming a pistol denotes that you are trying to target a specific goal.											piston	Tool	"To see a piston in your dream symbolizes your drive, determination and ambition."											pit	Place	To dream that you are in a pit indicates feelings of hopelessness about some situation or circumstance.											pit_bull	Unknown	To see a pit bull in your dream suggests that you are on the defensive.	To dream that you own a pit bull indicates that you are well protected or perhaps even overly protective.										pitcher	Activity	"To see a water pitcher in your dream refers to the outpouring of ideas, knowledge, or emotions."	To see a baseball pitcher in your dream suggests that you are in control.										pitchfork	Tool	To see a pitchfork in your dream symbolizes self-sufficiency.											pixie	Plant	To see a pixie in your dream indicates your childish ways.											pizza	Food	"To see or eat pizza in your dream represents abundance, choices, and variety."											place_mat	Unknown	To see or put a place mat on a table in your dream represents where you stand in your personal relationship.											placenta	Body_Part	To see a placenta in your dream symbolizes dependency and reliance on other people.											plague	Event	To dream of a plague indicates that you are being confronted with a broad issue that affects those around you.											plaid	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing plaid suggests that some of your conservative views are in conflict with your liberal and wild side.											plains	Unknown	To see the plains in your dream represent wholesomeness and homegrown goodness.											plane	Conveyance	"To see a plane in your dream may be a pun on someone or something that is ""plain""."											planet	Person	"To see a planet in your dream signifies creativity, exploration, and new adventures."	To dream that you discover life on a new planet refers to your desire to escape from a current situation.										plank	Unknown	To dream that you are walking the plank suggests you are feeling emotionally vulnerable.	To see a wooden plank indicates something that is in need of repair or that you need to maximize your resources and make something out of seemingly nothing.										planting	Event	To dream that you are planting something represents your faith and optimism about the future.											plant	Plant	"To see plants in your dream indicate fertility, spiritual development, potential, and growth."											plaster	Substance	To work with plaster in your dream suggests that there is some matter that you are trying to resolve or settle.											plastic	Substance	"To see plastic objects in your dream suggests that you are being fake, artificial and/or insensitive in some way."											plastic_bag	Unknown	To see or use a plastic bag in your dream represents the temporary burdens and responsibilities that you are carrying with you.											plastic_surgery	Activity	To dream that you are having plastic surgery suggests that you are rebuilding your self-esteem and trying to improve your self-image.											"if_the_plate_is_empty_in_your_dream,_then_it_indicates_that_there_is_an_emotional_void_in_your_waking_life._you_may_be_feeling_left_out._alternatively,_it_suggests_that_you_need_to_rethink_your_priorities."	Unknown	"To see dishes in your dream represent ideas, concepts, and attitudes."	To dream that you are washing dishes suggest that you are moving on and planning for the next thing that comes your way.	To see shelves of polished dishes suggest that you are doing your best and making the best out of a situation.	"To see broken dishes or break dishes in your dream signify feelings of poverty, lack, and inadequacy."								plateau	Unknown	To dream that you are on a plateau suggests that you are in a rut.											platinum	Substance	"To see platinum in your dream symbolizes success, prosperity and wealth."											platter	Tool	To see a platter in your dream indicates that you are feeling lazy or envious.											platypus	Animal	To see a platypus in your dream refers to your tendency to wallow and dwell on your emotions.											play	Action	To dream that you are in a play represents the roles you play in your life and the various acts and personas you put on.											playground	Place	To dream that you are on a playground indicates your desires to escape from your daily responsibilities.											playpen	Unknown	To see a playpen in your dream suggests that you need to make time for leisure and pleasure.											pliers	Tool	To see a pair of pliers in your dream suggests that you need to draw out all the details of a situation before you make a decision about it.											plot	Place	To dream of a conspiracy suggests that you are deceiving others or being deceived by someone.											plough	Tool	To see a plough in your dream represents growth and expansion.											plowing	Event	To dream that you are plowing indicates that you are making a fresh new start.											plug	Animal	"To see a plug in your dream represents power, potential and untapped energies."											plum	Place	To see or eat a plum in your dream symbolizes youth and vitality.	"To see a plum tree in your dream represents youth, vitality, and innocence."										plumage	Substance	To notice plumage in your dream signifies a need to feel protected and shielded from the elements.											plumber	Person	To see a plumber in your dream suggests that there is some emotional issue that you need to deal with instead of letting it clog up within you.											plumbing	Activity	To see plumbing in your dream symbolizes the flow of emotions.											plunger	Tool	To see a plunger in your dream suggests that you need to force yourself to confront certain emotions.											plywood	Structure	To see plywood in your dream represents flexibility and creativity in your way of thinking.											pocket	Place	To see a pocket in your dream represents your hidden talents and undeveloped abilities.											pocket_watch	Tool	To see or wear a pocket watch in your dream suggests that you are too overly concerned with time.											pocketknife	Tool	To see a pocketknife in your dream suggests a good friend is hiding her or his true feelings.											podium	Unknown	To dream that you are standing at a podium suggests that there is something important that you need to say and get out.											poetry	Unknown	To see or read poetry in your dream signifies inspiration and idealistic notions.											pogo_stick	Unknown	To see or play with a pogo stick in your dream represents life's ups and downs.											point	Place	"To see something pointed in your dream represents action, urgency and completion."											pointing	Unknown	To dream that you are pointing at someone or something indicates that you need to pay more attention to that particular person or object.	To dream someone is pointing at you suggests feelings of self guilt or even shame.										poison	Substance	To see poison in your dream denotes that you need to get rid of something in your life that is causing you much sickness and distress.	To dream that you ingest or inhale poison indicates that you are introducing something into yourself that is harmful to your well-being.										poison_ivy	Plant	To see poison ivy in your dream refers to your vengeful or devious thoughts.											poke	Action	To dream that you are being poked represents something that needs your attention.											pokemon	Unknown	To play pokemon in your dream indicates a desire to expand your social circle.	To dream that you are a pokemon points to your individualism and qualities that sets your apart from others.										poker	Activity	To dream that you are playing poker suggests that a situation in your waking life requires strategy and careful planning.											poker_chip	Unknown	To see poker chips in your dream symbolize the uncertainty of life.											polar_bear	Animal	To see a polar bear in your dream signifies a reawakening.											pole	Tool	To see a pole in your dream represents security and stability.											pole_dancing	Unknown	To dream that you are pole dancing symbolizes your sexual expression.											pole_vaulting	Event	To dream that you are pole vaulting indicates that you are trying to overcome some sexual issue.											police	Unknown	"To see the police in your dream symbolizes structure, rules, power, authority and control."	To dream that you are arrested by the police suggests that you feel sexually or emotionally restrained because of guilt.	To dream that you are a police officer represents your own sense of morality and conscience.	To dream that you are having difficulties contacting the police suggests that you have yet to acknowledge your own authoritativeness in a situation.	To dream that you are pulled over by the police suggests that you need to slow down and take things down a notch.							police_car	Conveyance	To see a police car in your dream indicates that help is on the way for you.											political_party	Unknown	To dream of a political party suggests that you need to stand up and defend your beliefs.											police_tape	Unknown	To see police tape in your dream represents protection from your subconscious.											politician	Person	To dream that you are a politician indicates that you are being deceptive and manipulative.	To see a politician in your dream suggests that you need to choose and take a side.										polka_dot	Unknown	To see polka dots in your dream symbolize routine and monotony.											poll_booth	Unknown	To see or dream that you are at a poll booth represents your desires to make a difference in your community or society.											pollen	Unknown	To see or inhale pollen in your dream represents the annoyances in your life.											pollution	Action	To dream of pollution indicates that you need to clean up your words and thoughts.											polo	Activity	"To dream that you are playing polo signifies a life of wealth, access and prestige."											poltergeist	Unknown	To see or hear a poltergeist in your dream signifies a lack of control in your life.											polyester	Substance	To dream that something is made of polyester suggests that you are just getting by in life.											polygamy	Unknown	To dream of polygamy indicates some unresolved sexual issues.											polygraph	Tool	To see a polygraph in your dream represents your lack of confidence.	To dream that you are taking a polygraph suggest that it is time to face the facts.										pomander	Unknown	To see or wear a pomander in your dream signifies protection.											pomegranate	Food	"To see a pomegranate in your dream signifies fertility, good health, life and longevity."											pompoms	Unknown	To see pompoms in your dream symbolize the spirit of competition.											pond	Unknown	To see a pond in your dream represents tranquility.											pony	Animal	To see a pony in your dream signifies the playful aspects of your life.											ponytail	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a ponytail symbolizes a casual and carefree attitude.											poo	Unknown	To see or come in contact with feces signifies aspects of yourself that are dirty and negative and which you believe to be undesirable and repulsive.	To dream that you are unable to dispose of the feces suggests that you are unwilling to let go of your emotions.										poodle	Animal	To see a poodle in your dream symbolizes an upper class attitude.											pool	Activity	To see a pool of water in your dream indicates that you need to acknowledge and understand your feelings.	To dream that you are playing or shooting pool represents your competitive nature.										pool_table	Unknown	To see a pool table in your dream suggests that you need to show more cooperation.											poor	Unknown	To dream that you are poor refers to feelings of inadequacies.											popcorn	Food	To eat or make popcorn in your dream suggests positive growth.											pope	Person	"To see a pope in your dream represents your spiritual guidance, beliefs, and spiritual self."											popeye	Unknown	To see Popeye in your dream indicates that you have overstepped your boundaries.											poplar	Plant	To see a poplar in your dream symbolizes life and vitality.											poppy	Plant	"To see a poppy in your dream symbolizes fertility, and abundance."											popsicle	Food	To see or eat a popsicle in your dream suggests that you need to cool off and not let your temper get out of hand.											popular	Unknown	To dream that you are popular signifies your desires to be liked and recognized.											porcelain	Tool	To see or touch porcelain in your dream symbolizes smoothness.											porch	Structure	"To dream of a porch represents your personality, your social self, your facade and how you portray yourself to others."											porcupine	Animal	To see a porcupine in your dream suggests that you need to look out for yourself and protect yourself from emotional or psychological harm.											pork	Substance	To see or eat pork in your dream signifies your desire for routine and normalcy.											pornography	Activity	"To dream that you are watching pornography indicates your issues with intimacy, power, control, and effectiveness."											porpoise	Animal	"To see a porpoise in your dream may be a pun on your ""purpose"" for something."											port	Tool	To see a harbor in your dream signifies shelter from a stormy relationship or chaotic situation.											porta_potty	Unknown	To see or use a porta potty in your dream indicates that you need to express your feelings more openly.											portal	Place	To dream that you are entering through a door signifies new opportunities that are presented before you.	To see an opened door in your dream symbolizes your receptiveness and willingness to accept new ideas/concepts.	To dream that the door is closed or locked signifies opportunities that are denied and not available to you or that you have missed out on.	To dream that you are locking the door suggests that you are closing yourself off from others.	"To see a castle door in your dream indicates that you have missed a huge and/or profitable opportunity, especially if you are standing outside the castle door."							portrait	Unknown	To see a portrait of yourself in your dream represents how you see yourself or how you want others to see you.	To see a family portrait in your dream signifies your core values and beliefs.										posing	Action	To dream that you are striking a pose indicates that you are being someone you are not.											posse	Unknown	To dream that you have a posse represents a unified whole.											possessed	Unknown	To dream that you or someone else is possessed represents a state of helplessness.											possum	Animal	To see a possum in your dream indicates that something may not be what it appears to be.											post-apocalypse	Unknown	To dream that you are in the post-apocalypse implies that you will overcome the difficulties you are experiencing in your current life.											post-it_note	Unknown	To see or write on a post-it note in your dream indicates that there is something that you need to make a mental note of.											postcard	Unknown	To see or read a postcard in your dream represents your desire to be more open.											poster	Animal	To see or hang a poster in your dream represents your personality.											postman	Person	To see a mailman in your dream symbolizes your communications with others.											post_office	Activity	To dream that you are in a post office signifies an important message from your subconscious or inner wisdom.											posture	Unknown	To have good posture in your dream represents your self confidence.											pot	Tool	To see a pot in your dream represents your attitudes.	"To dream that the pot is boiling or bubbling over suggests that you are filled with enthusiasm, excitement or ideas."										pot_holder	Unknown	To see or use a pot holder in your dream represents protection.											potato	Substance	To see potatoes in your dream represent your earthiness and simplicity.											potato_bug	Invertebrate	To see a potato bug in your dream represents your intuition or subconscious desire.											potato_chip	Food	To see or eat potato chips in your dream symbolize your overindulgent behavior.											potion	Food	To see or take a potion in your dream indicates a negative influence in your life.											potluck	Food	"To dream that you are attending a potluck represents your social life, your interpersonal relationships, and how you connect with others."											potpourri	Unknown	To make potpourri in your dream represents the sweet smell of success.											pottery_wheel	Unknown	To see or use a pottery wheel in your dream suggests that you need to take time and care in shaping and molding a relationship.											poultry	Bird	To see or eat poultry in your dream indicates togetherness.											power	Person	"To dream that you have power indicates your growing confidence, high self-esteem and increasing skills."	To dream that you do not have any power refers to a waking situation in which you felt unable to do anything.										power_line	Tool	To see or become entangled in power lines represents your struggle for power and empowerment.											power_plant	Unknown	To see a power plant in your dream symbolizes your potential and abilities.											poverty	Unknown	To dream that you are poor refers to feelings of inadequacies.											prairie_dog	Animal	To see a prairie dog in your dream represents an underground community.											praise	Activity	To hear praise in your dream indicates pride and self-love.	To dream that you are giving praise means that you need to be steadfast and not let others questions your authority and position on things.										prank	Activity	To dream that someone is playing a prank on you suggests that someone is undermining your ability.	To dream that you are playing a prank on someone indicates that you need to start taking things more seriously.										praying	Unknown	"To dream that you are praying signifies respect, sincerity and humility."											praying_mantis	Invertebrate	To see a praying mantis in your dream suggests that you are involved in a destructive relationship.											preacher	Person	To see a preacher in your dream represents a harsh personal lesson that you need to learn.											precipice	Unknown	"To dream that you are standing at the edge of a cliff indicates that you have reached an increased level of understanding, new awareness, and a fresh point of view."	To dream that you or someone falls off a cliff suggests that you are going through a difficult time and are afraid of what is ahead for you.	To dream that you are climbing to the top of a cliff symbolizes your ambition and drive.									prediction	Unknown	"To hear or receive a prediction in your dream reflects your concerns, fears and/or anxieties about the future."	To give someone a prediction in your dream suggests that you are in tune with your intuition.										pregnant	Unknown	To dream that you are pregnant symbolizes an aspect of yourself or some aspect of your personal life that is growing and developing.	To dream that you are pregnant with the baby dying inside of you suggests that a project you had put a lot of effort into is falling apart and slowly deteriorating.	To dream that someone else is pregnant indicates that you are experiencing a closer connection to this person.	To dream that your girlfriend or significant other is pregnant with someone else's baby implies that your significant other is moving toward a different direction than you envisioned.								pregnancy_test	Activity	"To dream that you are taking a pregnancy test indicates that you are entering a new phase in your life (a new job, relationship, etc."											prehistoric	Unknown	To dream of prehistoric times suggests that your thinking and beliefs are outdated.											premonition	Event	To dream of a premonition signifies growth.											preschool	Unknown	To dream that you are in preschool suggests that you are going through a transitional phase in your life.											prescription	Substance	To see or fill a prescription in your dream indicates that you are trying to find clarity to a situation.											present	Unknown	"To see a present in your dream may be a pun on being ""present"" and here."											presentation	Activity	"To dream that you are giving a presentation symbolizes the way you want to ""present"" yourself to the public."											president	Place	"To see the president of your country in your dream symbolizes authority, power and control."	To dream that you are running for president signifies your quest for power.										press	Action	To see the press in your dream suggests that there is a messages that you need to convey and get across to others.	To dream that the press is chasing you indicates your lack of privacy.										pressure	Action	To dream of pressure symbolizes stress and tension in your life.											pretty	Unknown	To dream that you are pretty indicates that you need to acknowledge the beauty within yourself.	To see someone pretty in your dream represents qualities that you need to accept or incorporate into your own self.										pretzel	Substance	"To see a pretzel in your dream symbolizes devotion, spiritual beliefs and life's sweet rewards."											price	Person	"To see a price of something in your dream represents the value you are placing on yourself, your time and your abilities."											prickerbush	Unknown	To see a prickerbush in your dream indicates that you are experiencing problems and difficulties in some waking relationship.											pride	Activity	To have or feel pride in your dream indicates that you will have to stand up and fight against attacks to your integrity.	To dream that others are displaying pride suggests that your support is needed in some cause.										priest	Person	"To see a priest in your dream represents your spiritual needs, sense of morality and religious beliefs."	To see a dictatorial or condemning priest in your dream signifies unyielding authority and over-protectiveness.										prime_minister	Person	"To see the prime minister of your country in your dream symbolizes authority, power and control."											prime_rib	Unknown	To see or eat prime rib in your dream suggests that you are indulging in life's pleasures and rewards.											primrose	Plant	"To see primrose in your dream symbolizes purity, youth, and vitality."											prince	Person	To dream that you are a prince suggests that you are feeling important and needed.	To see a prince in your dream signifies your association with honor and prestige.										princess	Person	To dream that you are a princess indicates that you are realizing your full potential.	To see a princess in your dream represents the object of your affections or desires.										princess_diana	Individual	To see Princess Diana in your dream indicates that you need to be more compassionate or giving.											principal	Person	To see the principal or dream that you are in the principal's office indicates feelings of guilt.	To dream that you are a principal symbolizes your leadership skills and your ability to shape the minds of others.										printer	Machine	To see a printer in your dream suggests that you are trying to express a thought or idea in a way that others can understand.	To dream that the printer is not functioning indicates your difficulties and frustrations in communicating your thoughts across.										printing_press	Machine	To see a printing press in your dream represents communication.											prism	Tool	To see a prism in your dream represents your connection to your spirituality.											prison	Structure	To dream that you are in prison indicates that you are being censored in some area of your life.	To see someone else in prison in your dream signifies an aspect of yourself that you are unable to express freely.	To dream that you or someone is released from prison means that you need to make some major changes in your waking life.									prisoner	Person	To dream that you are a convict suggests that some situation or relationship is making you feel restricted.	To see a convict in your dream indicates that an aspect of yourself is unable to freely express itself.										privacy	Unknown	To dream that you have no privacy suggests that you are feeling exposed and unprotected.											prize	Unknown	To dream that you receive a prize represents your accomplishments.											probation	Action	To dream that you are on probation suggests that you need to stop putting things off and start confronting the problem at hand.											procession	Action	To see a procession in your dream suggests that you are ready to stand up for your beliefs.											professor	Person	To see a professor in your dream symbolizes higher learning and wisdom.											programming	Activity	To dream about computer programming represents your mindset.											projector	Tool	"To see or use an overhead projector in your dream suggests that you need to ""project"" yourself."											prom	Event	To dream that you are at a prom signals an end to something and the beginning of something else.											promise	Event	To dream that you make a promise symbolizes your waking life commitments.											promissory_note	Unknown	To see a promissory note in your dream indicates that you need to allow yourself more freedom to do something.											promotion	Action	To dream that you are getting a promotion at work signifies an increase in your level of self confidence.											propane_tank	Unknown	To see a propane tank in your dream suggests that you are under some sort of pressure or stress.											propeller	Tool	To see a propeller in your dream represents forward movement and progress.											property	Place	To dream that you are buying property represents your standing in life.	To dream that you lose your property suggests that you have lost your sense of security.										prophet	Person	"To see a prophet in your dream indicates knowledge, wisdom, and your need for guidance."											proposal	Event	"To dream that you are being proposed to indicates that you are merging a previously unknown aspect of yourself More directly, the dream may mean that you are thinking about marriage or some serious long-term commitment/project/situation."											prostate_exam	Unknown	"To dream that you are getting a prostate exam refers to some unpleasant, but necessary task that you need to go through in your life."											prosthesis	Tool	To dream that you have a prosthesis indicates that you are exploring a new perspective in life.											prostitute	Person	To dream that you are a prostitute indicates your desires for more sexual freedom/expression and sexual power.	To see or dream that you are with a prostitute suggests that you are feeling sexually deprived or needy.										protection	Activity	To dream that you are being protected or need protection indicates that you are feeling helpless in some situation.											protest	Event	To dream that you are at a protest indicates that you need to speak up for yourself and for your rights.											protractor	Tool	To see or use a protractor in your dream implies that you are trying to look at things from someone else's angle.											prune	Food	To see prunes in your dream symbolize an emotional or creative blockage.											prybar	Unknown	To see or use a crowbar in your dream suggests that you are trying to get into your subconscious even though you may not be mentally ready to confront those issues.	To dream that you are attached with a crowbar means that someone is making you confront some issue that you are not ready to deal with.										psychic	Person	To see a psychic in your dream represents your desires to know the unknown.	To dream that you are psychic represents your intuition and the sensitive side of your personality.										psychokinesis	Unknown	To dream that you have psychokinesis indicates how you manipulate your surroundings.											psychologist	Person	To see or dream that you are a psychologist symbolizes the intellectual and mental aspect of yourself.											psychopath	Person	To see a psychopath in your dream suggests that you are being deceived or manipulated.	To dream that you are a psychopath implies that you are feeling larger than life.										pterodactyl	Animal	To see a pterodactyl in your dream implies that your sexual desires are reaching new heights.											pub	Building	To dream that you are in a pub represents your social interactions and how you relate to others.											pubic_hair	Unknown	To see pubic hair in your dream suggests that you are coyly making your sexual feelings known.											pudding	Food	To see or eat pudding in your dream indicates that you are feeling slow and lethargic in your waking life.											puddle	Place	To see a puddle in your dream represents feelings that have been downplayed and overlooked.											puffer_fish	Unknown	To see a puffer fish in your dream signifies suppressed or unexpressed anger.											puffin	Bird	To see a puffin in your dream refers to your ability to dig into your subconscious and learn from it.											pug	Animal	To see a pug in your dream highlights your playful and strong character.											pull_up	Unknown	To do pull ups in your dream means that you will rise above a difficult situation through your own willpower and perseverance.											pulling	Action	To dream that you are pulling something refers to your burdens and struggles.											pulse	Event	To feel your pulse in your dream symbolizes some sort of anxiety in your waking life.	To dream that you are feeling someone else's pulse suggests that you are trying to connect with an aspect of that person.										puma	Animal	"To see a puma in your dream symbolizes lurking danger, aggression, raw emotions or sometimes death."											pump	Tool	To see a pump in your dream symbolizes untapped energy or health issues.											pumpkin	Substance	To see a pumpkin in your dream implies your openness and your receptiveness to new ideas and experiences.											punch	Action	To dream that you are unable to throw a punch indicates that you are feeling helpless.	To dream that you are drinking punch represents vitality and renewal.										punching_bag	Person	To see or hit a punching bag in your dream represents your pent up anger and hidden aggression.											punk	Person	To see or dream that you are a punk indicates rebellion.											puppet	Person	To see a puppet in your dream suggests that you are easily swayed by others and are allowing them to control you.											puppeteer	Person	To dream that you are a puppeteer refers to your tendency to control or manipulate someone or some situation.											puppy	Animal	To see a puppy in your dream symbolizes your playfulness and carefree nature.	To dream that you are saving a puppy means that you are looking to recapture a more playful or carefree side of your persona.										purchasing	Action	"To dream that you or someone is buying something represents your acceptance of an idea, condition, or situation."											purr	Event	"To hear a purr in your dream signifies satisfaction, contentment and comfort in your life."											purse	Unknown	"To see or carry a purse in your dream represents secrets, desires and thoughts which are being closely held and guarded."	To dream that you lost your purse denotes loss of power and control.	To see an empty purse represents feelings of insecurity or vulnerability.	To dream that someone gives your a new purse implies that some fortune or good luck will come your way.								pursuit	Action	To dream that someone or something is in pursuit of you indicates that you are refusing to acknowledge a certain viewpoint or idea.	To dream that you are in pursuit of someone or something suggests that you are being denied of your power and influence.										pus	Substance	To see pus in your dream suggests that you need to express some aspect of your feeling.											push_up	Unknown	To do push ups in your dream indicates that you need to take more initiative and get these accomplished.											pushpins	Unknown	To see or use pushpins in your dream indicate that you need to open your eyes and look at what is in front on you.											putty	Substance	"To dream that you are handling putty represents some situation, person, or relationship that you are still molding and forming."											puzzle	Unknown	To see or do a jigsaw puzzle in your dream represents a mental challenge or problem that you need to solve in your waking life.	To see or do a crossword puzzle in your dream suggests that you are being faced with a mental challenge.										pyramid	Structure	To see a pyramid in your dream symbolizes longevity and stability.	To dream that you are climbing a pyramid indicates that you will find gratification and fulfillment through perseverance.										pyrite	Substance	To see pyrite in your dream indicates that something is too good to be true.											python	Animal	"To see a python in your dream represents lurking danger, sin, lacking freedom and overt sexuality."	To see a python kill its prey suggests that you are feeling emotionally stressed and anxious.										q	Letter	"To see the letter Q in your dream is a pun on ""cue""."											quack_doctor	Unknown	To see a quack doctor in your dreams forewarns that you need to be more cautious of people who claim to be what they are not.											quack_medicine	Unknown	To dream of taking quack medicine indicate that you are taking the wrong course of action.											quadrille	Activity	To dream that you are dancing a quadrille refers to your lack of commitment in a relationship.											quadruplets	Unknown	To see quadruplets in your dream represent wholeness.											quagmire	Unknown	To see yourself bogged down in a quagmire refers to your inability to meet your obligations and fulfill your goals.											quail	Bird	"To see a quail in your dream symbolizes lust, love and eroticism."											quaker	Person	To see a Quaker in your dream symbolizes your convictions and spiritual beliefs.	To dream that you are a Quaker suggests that you are seeking some solace.										quarantine	Event	To dream that you are placed in quarantine suggests that you need to distance yourself from others or from a situation.	To dream that someone or something is in quarantine indicates that someone is in desperate need of your help but is afraid to ask.										quarry	Animal	To see a quarry in your dream indicates that you have dug yourself into an emotional hole.											quarter	Event	To see or find a quarter in your dream signifies incompleteness.											quartet	Unknown	To dream that you are in a quartet represents practicality.	To see a quartet that you cannot join signifies your attempt to do a job that is beyond your capacity.										quartz	Substance	To see quartz in your dream represents rigidity.											quay	Unknown	To see many ships docked at the quay signifies fulfillment of your wishes.	To dream that you are on a quay suggests that you are moving forward into a new phase of your life.										queen	Animal	"To see a queen in your dream symbolizes intuition, personal growth, power and influence."											queen_of_heart	Unknown	To see the queen of hearts in your dream represents your pompous and arrogant attitude.											quest	Activity	To dream that you are on a quest represents your life path and your life goals.											question	Event	To question something in your dream signifies self doubt.	To dream that someone is asking you a question suggests that you have information or knowledge that needs to be shared.										quicksand	Unknown	To dream that you are sinking in quicksand indicates feelings of insecurity.											quicksilver	Substance	To see quicksilver in your dream symbolizes rapid and swift movement.											quiet	Unknown	To dream that it is particularly quiet indicates that you need to stop and reflect upon life.											quill	Body_Part	"To see or write with a quill in your dream denotes success, social status, sophistication and prestige."	To dream that you are putting a quill in your hat represents your flirty tendencies.										quinine	Substance	To take quinine in your dream suggests that you need to relax.											quiver	Action	To see a quiver in your dream suggests that you need to better focus on your goals.											quinsy	Illness	To dream that you or someone is afflicted with quinsy means that you are not able to full express yourself and verbalize your feelings.											quintuplets	Unknown	"To see quintuplets in your dream represent the five senses: sight, smell, taste, hearing, and touch."											quota	Unknown	To dream about meeting a quota suggests that you are feeling overwhelmed by the demands that others are putting on you.											quote	Unknown	To give a price quote in a dream symbolizes the value you are assigning to your talents and abilities.	To quote somebody in a dream suggests that you need to listen and heed the message in that quote.										quoits	Activity	To play quoits in your dream suggests that you need to set your sights on your target and focus on your goals.											rabbi	Person	To see a rabbi in your dream represents your attitudes about Judaism.											rabbit	Animal	"To see a rabbit in your dream signifies luck, magical power, and success."											rabbit's_foot	Unknown	To see or wear a rabbit's foot in your dream symbolizes good luck.											rabies	Illness	To dream that you have rabies represents unexpressed hostility which may erupt in violence if not expressed in a controlled manner.											raccoon	Animal	To see a raccoon in your dream signifies deceit and thievery.											race	Place	To dream that you are in a race represents your competitive spirit and how you tend to measure yourself against others.											race_car	Conveyance	To see a race car in your dream symbolizes your hard driving and headstrong attitudes.	To dream that you are driving a race car represents your fast paced lifestyle.										racetrack	Unknown	To see a racetrack in your dream represents life in the fast lane for you.											racism	Event	To experience racism in your dream indicates that you may be too judgmental and discriminatory in some situation in your waking life.											rack	Action	To see an empty rack in your dream signifies your preoccupation with a problem that has given you much anxiety.	To see a rack of clothes in your dream represents your indecisiveness and self doubt.										racket	Activity	To hear a racket in your dream suggests that your subconscious is desperately trying to get your attention about some matter.											racquet	Tool	To see or use a racquet in your dream symbolizes your defense mechanisms.											radar	Tool	To see or use a radar in your dream symbolizes your insight and intuition.											radiant	Unknown	"To see something radiant in your dream indicates purity, intellectual stimulation, spiritual enlightenment and wisdom."											radiation	Activity	To dream that you are exposed to radiation indicates that you are surrounded by a lot of negativity in your waking life.											radiator	Tool	To see a car radiator in your dream suggests that you need to cool off.											radio	Unknown	To dream that you are listening to the radio symbolizes your awareness and intuition toward a particular situation.											radioactive	Unknown	To dream that something is radioactive represents suppressed emotions that are on the verge of spilling over into your conscious and creating a negative influence in your daily life.											radish	Substance	To dream that you are eating a radish refers to some indiscretion or thoughtlessness.											raft	Unknown	To see a raft in your dream indicates that you have not built a firm foundation for success.	"To dream that you are floating on a raft suggests that you are drifting through life, not knowing where you are headed."										rage	Unknown	"To dream that you are in rage is symbolic of your bad temper, negative outbursts, and suppressed anger."											rag	Activity	"To see old, tattered rags in your dream indicate that you are cleaning up old problems and issues."	To dream that you are wearing rags represent anxieties and concerns over your self-image.										raid	Activity	To dream that you are in a raid represents your fears that some hidden aspect of your life will be discovered or made public.											railing	Structure	To dream that you are holding on to a railing suggests that you are desperately holding out for a chance to obtain the object of you affection.											railroad	Unknown	To see a railroad in your dream indicates that you have laid out a set track toward achieving your goals.	To see an obstruction on the railroad refers to the obstacles standing in your way toward your goals.	To dream that you are walking alongside the railroad tracks signifies completion of your tasks.	To dream that you are crossing railroad tracks indicates that you are going against the path that others have laid out for you.								railroad_crossing	Unknown	"To see a railroad crossing gate in your dream symbolizes temporary setbacks toward achieving your goals, especially if the gate is going down."											rain	Substance	To see and hear rain falling symbolizes forgiveness and grace.	To dream that you are watching the rain from a window indicates that spiritual ideas and insights are being brought to your awareness.	To hear rain tapping on the roof denotes spiritual ideas coming to fruition in your mind.									rainbow	Unknown	"To see a rainbow in your dream represents hope, success and good fortune in the form of money, prestige, or fame."	To see an all white rainbow in your dream signifies heightened spirituality and purity.	To dream that something is rainbow colored implies that you need to see things in a more positive light.	To dream that you have rainbow colored hair refers to your light-hearted and carefree nature.								raincoat	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a raincoat suggests that you are shielding yourself from your emotions.											rainforest	Place	"To dream that you are in a rainforest suggests that you feel your emotions are being undermined and ""cut down""."											raisin	Food	To dream that you are eating raisins represent some negative force that is working against you.											rake	Tool	To dream that you are using a rake indicates that some task or project will never be accomplished unless you do it yourself.											ram	Animal	"To see a ram in your dream signifies aggression, energy, and impulsiveness."	To dream that a ram is pursuing you indicates some misfortune or unlucky threat.										rambling	Unknown	To dream that you are rambling suggests that you have a lot that you need to get off your mind.											ramp	Tool	To dream that you are going up a ramp signifies your struggles in achieving a goal.	To dream that you are going down a ramp refers to some instability and lack of control in your life.										ranch	Place	To dream that you are at a ranch suggests that you need to take stock of your life and ascertain what you hope to achieve and gain.											ransom	Action	To dream that somebody is demanding ransom from you suggests that you have been deceived.	To demand ransom in your dream means that you are feeling unfairly treated.										rapping	Unknown	To hear or dream that you are rapping suggests that you need to better verbalize your thoughts and feelings.											rape	Activity	To dream that you were raped or almost raped indicates vengeful or resentful feelings toward the opposite sex.	To see a rape being committed in your dream denotes sexual dysfunction or uncertainty.										rapid	Unknown	To dream that you are carried away by the rapids suggests that you are experiencing some intense feelings.											rare	Unknown	To dream that something is rare indicates that you need to appreciate certain things.											rash	Illness	"To dream that you have a rash indicates repressed anger, frustrations and annoyances."											rattle	Body_Part	"To see or play with a rattle in a dream signifies joy, tranquility and contentment in the home."	To hear a rattle in your dream represents some situation or issue that you need to tend to.										rattlesnake	Animal	To see a rattlesnake in your dream represents the passage of time.											raven	Bird	"To see a raven in your dream symbolizes betrayal, disharmony, misfortune, and death."											ravine	Unknown	To see a ravine in your dream represents your need to be sheltered and protected.											raw	Unknown	To eat something that is raw signifies some unexplored or untried experiences.											razor	Tool	To see a razor in your dream suggests that there is a situation or problem that you need to smooth out.	"To dream that you are sharpening a razor indicates that you are ruthless and ""cutthroat."										razor_blade	Unknown	To see or use a razor blade in your dream symbolizes precision and accuracy in what you do.	To find a razor blade in your food refers to some cutting remark that you made and is coming back to haunt you.										rc_car	Unknown	To see or play with an RC Car in your dream represents your ability to make quick decision.											reading	Activity	To dream that you are reading indicates that you need to obtain more information and knowledge before making a decision.											reality_show	Unknown	To dream that you are in a reality show suggests that you feel your life is under public scrutiny.											realtor	Person	To see or dream that you are a realtor indicates that you are searching for a new sense of self.											reaper	Machine	To see reapers working in your dream denote prosperity and pleasure.											rear_ended	Unknown	To dream that you have been rear ended indicates that something from your past is still impacting your present situation.											rearview_mirror	Tool	To dream that you are looking through the rearview mirror suggests that you are dwelling on the past too much.											rebel	Person	"To dream that you are a rebel indicates that you need to stand up for yourself and be your own person, even though it may go against the masses."											receipt	Action	To see a receipt in your dream indicates that you are accepting or acknowledging some aspect of yourself.											reception	Action	To dream that you are attending a reception represents togetherness and social gatherings.											recess	Event	To dream about recess time suggests that you need to take a little break from your daily life for yourself.											recipe	Unknown	"To dream of a recipe symbolizes your creativity, talents and enjoyment of life."											recital	Event	To dream that you are in a recital indicates your level of self-confidence and self esteem.											recliner	Unknown	To see or sit on a recliner in your dream suggests that you need to take a step back to evaluate a situation.											reconcilement	Unknown	To dream about a reconcilement represents a person in your waking life who you need to reconnect with.											record	Action	To see or listen to a record in your dream suggests that you need to consider both sides of a situation before making a decision.	"To dream that the record is scratched may be a pun on how you are ""sounding like a broken record""."										record_player	Machine	To see a record player in your dream suggests that you are going around in circles over a problem or situation.	To dream that the record player is broken indicates that you have broken free from a cycle or habit.										recording_studio	Place	To dream that you are in a recording studio suggests that there is a message that you need to absorb and incorporate into your daily life.											recovery	Action	To dream that you are recovering or in recovery means that you are visualizing success or envisioning a positive future.											rectangle	Unknown	"To see a rectangle in your dream represents permanence, materialism and stability."											red_carpet	Unknown	To dream that you are walking on a red carpet represents your desire to be admired and looked up to.	To see the red carpet in your dream suggests that you are welcoming fun and festivities in your life.										red_cross	Unknown	To see the Red Cross in your dream suggests that you are in need of spiritual healing.											red_giant	Unknown	To dream of a Red Giant implies that the end is near in your career or relationship.											red_snapper	Fish	To dream of a red snapper fish implies that you are speaking and acting out of anger.											redecorating	Unknown	To dream that you are redecorating indicates your need for change.											redhead	Bird	To dream that you are a redhead suggests that you need more spontaneity and vitality in your life.											redwood	Substance	To see redwood trees in your dream symbolize longevity and continuity.											reed	Musical_Instrument	To see reeds in your dream symbolize your flexibility and resilience in various situations.											reef	Place	To see a reef in your dream suggests that you are blocking out subconscious material from emerging onto the surface.											reenactment	Activity	"To dream of a reenactment signifies a memory, especially if it is a painful or difficult memory."											referee	Person	To see a referee in your dream signifies an inner battle between your own ideals and values and between the ideals and values of others.											reflection	Unknown	To see your reflection in your dream represents your true self; it is time to look within.											refrigerator	Unknown	To see or open a refrigerator in your dream represents your chilling personality and/or cold emotions.	To dream that the refrigerator has broken down suggests that you need to warm up to somebody or some situation.										refugee	Person	To dream that you are a refugee refers to feelings of rejection by society.											regret	Unknown	To dream about regret indicates that you are preoccupied with waking disappointments and dissatisfaction.											rehabilitation	Action	To dream that you are in rehabilitation indicates that you are recovering from some emotional hurt or trauma.											reins	Unknown	To see reins in your dream indicate that you are being restrained or inhibited from expressing yourself.											reindeer	Animal	"To see a reindeer in your dream symbolizes the holidays, festivities, and the season of giving."											relationship	Unknown	To dream about your waking relationships indicate wish-fulfillment.											relative	Person	To see your relatives in your dream signify family issues and feelings.											relic	Unknown	To see or find a relic in your dream symbolizes an aspect of your former self that you still have not completely let go.											relief	Action	To dream about relief suggests that you are trying to reduce the affect of the dream message and images.											religion	Unknown	To dream of your religion represents your faithfulness and sense of spirituality.	To dream about a different religion from your own suggests that you need to incorporate some key component of that religion in your own life.										relish	Food	To see or eat relish in your dream suggests that you need to add a little spice or pizzazz to your life.											remarry	Unknown	To dream that you remarry someone signifies healing and acceptance of your new self.											remember	Unknown	To remember something in your dream indicates that you have learned something significant from your past mistakes or previous experiences.											remodeling	Unknown	To dream that you are remodeling indicates that you are reevaluating your values and making changes to your belief system.											remote_control	Tool	To see a remote control in your dream refers to how your buttons are being pushed by someone.											renaissance	Event	To dream that you are living during the renaissance represents your non-conformist attitude.											rent	Action	To dream that you are paying rent represents your personal responsibilities and sense of independence.	To dream that you do not have enough money to pay the rent or that your rent is going up suggests that your emotional psyche is strained.	To dream that you rent out your home implies that you have put your own priorities aside for the sake of others.									repairman	Person	To see a repairman in you dream signifies psychological healing.											report	Event	To dream that you are writing a report suggests that you need to think things through before acting on them.	To see or read a report in your dream indicates some anxiety over an issue.										report_card	Unknown	To see a report card in your dream symbolizes how you are performing in various aspects of your waking life.											reporter	Person	To dream that you are a newspaper reporter indicates that you are making a conscious and objective observation of your life.											reprieve	Event	To dream that you are granted a reprieve indicates that you will overcome some difficulty which has been giving you much anxiety.											reproductive_system	Body_Part	To see or dream about the reproductive system refers to the early stage of a new project nbsp; or new relationship in your life.											reptile	Animal	"To see a reptile in your dream symbolizes your basic urges, instincts and suppressed sexual desires."											reputation	Unknown	To dream that your reputation is called into question suggests that you are too overly concerned with what other people think about you.											rescue	Action	To dream that you are being rescued or rescue others represents an aspect of yourself that has been neglected or ignored.											reservoir	Unknown	To see a filled reservoir in your dream symbolizes pent up or repressed emotions.											reset_button	Tool	"To see or press a reset button in your dream indicates that you are stuck in some problem, situation or relationship."											resign	Unknown	To dream that you resign from a position indicates major changes in your life.											resolution	Action	To dream that you are making a resolution symbolizes your commitment and dedication to the changes that you are making in your life.											restricted	Unknown	To dream that you are in a restricted area indicates that you are not ready to face up to some issue or problem.											resort	Activity	To dream that you are on a resort represents your need for some relaxation.											restaurant	Building	To dream that you are in a restaurant suggests that you are feeling overwhelmed by decisions and choices that you need to make in your life.											restrained	Unknown	To dream that you are restrained indicates that you are holding yourself back and not fully expressing yourself.											resuscitate	Unknown	To dream that you resuscitate someone indicates that you are able offer some insight on a situation.											retainer	Tool	To wear a retainer in your dream suggests that are holding your emotions back and not expressing yourself.											retarded	Unknown	To dream that you are mentally challenged indicates that you are experiencing feelings of self-doubt.	To see a mentally challenged person in your dream suggests that someone around you is feeling ignored or overlooked.										retreat	Action	To dream that you are on a retreat represents spiritual renewal and healing.											reunion	Action	To dream that you are attending a reunion suggests that there are feelings from the past which you need to acknowledge and recognize.											revelation	Event	To dream that you have a revelation signifies a new or bright outlook toward a situation.											revenge	Event	To dream that you are taking revenge suggests that you are experiencing some emotional imbalance.	To dream that someone is taking revenge on you signifies fear and distrust.										reverend	Person	To see a reverend in your dream indicates that you are looking for respect and guidance.											revolt	Event	To see a revolt in your dream indicates the influence of peer pressure working against you.											revolver	Weapon	To see a revolver in your dream symbolizes lingering danger.											revolution	Event	To dream that you are part of a revolution suggests that major changes are occurring within yourself.											rheumatism	Illness	To dream that you have rheumatism suggests that some unexpected issue will delay the achievement of your goals and plans.											rhinestone	Substance	To see rhinestones in your dream signify short-lived pleasures.											rhinoceros	Animal	To see a rhinoceros in your dream suggests that you need to forge ahead toward your goals.											rhubarb	Substance	To see or eat rhubarb in your dream suggests that you are freeing yourself out of an unwanted situation or relationship.											rhyme	Unknown	To hear or make rhymes in your dream indicate that you are seeking balance and harmony in your life.											rhythm	Activity	To hear a rhythm in your dream symbolizes the pace of your life.											rib	Tool	To see your ribs in your dream suggest that you are shielding yourself from heartbreak.											ribbon	Unknown	"To see a ribbon in your dream signifies innocence, playfulness, festivities, frivolity and girliness."											rice	Food	"To see grains of rice in your dream symbolize success, prosperity, luck, fertility and warm friendships."	To dream that you are eating rice denotes happiness and tranquility in the home.	To dream that you are cooking rice signifies the new responsibilities that will bring you much joy.									rich	Unknown	To dream that you are rich signifies pride and self confidence.											rickshaw	Conveyance	To see or ride in a rickshaw represents a simpler way of life.	To pull a rickshaw in your dream symbolizes the burdens that you are literally carrying on your shoulders.										ride	Action	To dream that you are being refused a ride implies that your views are in conflict with the person or persons in the vehicle.											ridge	Tool	To dream that you are on a mountain ridge represents the struggles and challenges you have experienced and/or overcame in your waking life.	To see a ridge in your dream refers to the balance that you need to maintain in various aspects of your life.										rifle	Weapon	To see a rifle with a scope in your dream implies that you are directing your anger and aggression toward a specific person or issue.											right	Action	"To dream of the right side represents conscious reality, deliberate action and rational thoughts."											rigor_mortis	Unknown	"To dream that a body is in rigor mortis suggests that you are feeling emotionally numb, withdrawn, and detached from those around you."											ring	Event	"To see or receive a ring in your dream symbolizes emotional wholeness, continuity, commitments and honor."	To dream that your ring is broken indicates that your loyalty is called into question.	To dream that you lose a ring or someone has stolen your ring represents insecurity.									ringmaster	Person	To see or dream that you are a ringmaster suggests that you are taking control of your hectic life.											ringworms	Unknown	To dream that you have ringworms signify a major annoyance or frustration in your waking life.											rink	Building	To see a rink in your dream suggests that you are going around in circles.											riot	Activity	To see or participate in a riot in your dream suggests that you need to stand up for yourself.											rip	Action	To rip something in your dream indicates dissatisfaction with the direction that a project or situation is going.	To see something rip in your dream suggests that you are overestimating the strength of something.										rising	Event	To dream that something is rising into the air refers to unexpected wealth and pleasures.	To dream that you are rising to a high position means that success will come as a result of your determination.										risk	Activity	To dream that you are taking a risk indicates that you are pushing yourself to the limit.											ritual	Activity	To dream of a ritual indicates that there is a habit that you need to break.											rival	Person	To dream that you have a rival indicates that you are reluctant in asserting you rights and standing up for yourself.	To dream that you are outwitted by a rival suggests that you have neglected your duties or abandoned your responsibilities.										river	Unknown	To see a clear and calm river in your dream indicates that you are just going with the flow.	To see a raging or an overflowing river in your dream signifies that your life is feeling out of control.	To dream that a river is comprised of flowing red chili refers to the raw emotion and intense passion or anger that is flowing through you and yearning to be expressed.	To dream that you are bathing in a river represents purification and cleansing.								riverbed	Unknown	To see a dried up riverbed in your dream means that you are devoid of emotions.											road	Action	To see a road in your dream refers to your sense of direction and how you are pursuing your goals.											road_rage	Action	To dream that you have road rage indicates that your emotions are out of control.											road_sign	Unknown	To see road signs in your dream represent some advice and message that your subconscious is trying to convey.											road_trip	Unknown	To dream that you are taking a road trip signifies your life journey and the decisions you make in life.											roadblock	Structure	To see a roadblock in your dream signifies obstacles in your business or personal life.											roadkill	Unknown	To see roadkill in your dream represents unavoidable death.	To dream that an animal is about to become roadkill indicates loss of control in some aspect of your life.										roadrunner	Bird	To see a roadrunner in your dream represents mental agility.											roadwork	Unknown	"To see roadwork in your dream represents the many obstacles, setbacks, and delays that you will need to overcome as your move toward your goals."											roar	Event	To make or hear a roar in your dream symbolizes repressed aggression and anger.											roast	Substance	To see or eat roast in your dream refers to comfort and warmth in the home.											robe	Unknown	To see or wear a robe in your dream signifies personal issues that you need to confront.											robin	Bird	To see a robin in your dream represents new beginnings.											robin_hood	Unknown	To see or dream that you are Robin Hood indicates your compassion for those who are less fortunate.											robot	Tool	"To see a robot in your dream indicates that you are going about life in a mechanical, methodical and rigid way."											rock_climbing	Activity	"To dream that you are rock climbing symbolizes your struggle, determination, and ambition."											rock_slide	Unknown	"To see a rock slide in your dream suggests that you are experiencing a ""rocky"" period in your waking life."											rock_star	Person	To dream that you are a rock star indicates your desire to be looked up to.	To see a rock star in your dream signifies the beat of your life.										rocket	Machine	To see a rocket in your dream indicates that your plans or ideas will soon be taking off in a big way.											rocking	Unknown	To dream that you are rocking yourself suggests that you are regressing into childlike behavior.											rocking_chair	Unknown	"To dream that you or someone is sitting in a rocking chair signifies a life of ease, comfort and relaxation."	To see an empty rocking chair in your dream represents sadness or quiet contemplation.										rocking_horse	Unknown	To see a rocking horse in your dream indicates that you are feeling stuck in some area of your life.											rodent	Animal	"To see a rodent in your dream symbolizes filth, dirtiness, repulsiveness and death."											rodeo	Activity	To dream that you are at the rodeo suggests that you need to take control of your animalistic forces and primal urges.											rogue	Person	To dream that you are going rogue indicates that you are pushing the limits.											roughneck	Person	To see a roughneck in your dream represents hard work and dedication.											roller_blade	Unknown	To dream that you are on roller blades suggests that you are moving rapidly through life with tremendous ease and determination.											roller_coaster	Tool	To dream that you are riding a roller coaster represents life's frequent ups and downs.											roller_derby	Unknown	To watch or be in a roller derby in your dream means that you need to show more determination in achieving your goals.											roller_skate	Unknown	To dream that you are on roller skates implies that you are progressing toward your goals at a steady and leisurely pace.	"To see someone on roller skates in your dream refers to someone in your life who may be ""skating"" around some issue."	To see or buy roller skates in your dream signifies balance or lack of balance in your life.									rolling_credit	Unknown	To see rolling credits in your dream represents recognition for your work.	To see your name in the rolling credits in your dream symbolizes your confidence in your own ability.										rolling_pin	Tool	To see or use a rolling pin in your dream represents your creative ability.	To dream that you are using a rolling pin as a weapon indicates that you are being too hasty about a decision.										roman_numerals	Unknown	To see roman numerals in your dream denote the initials of someone in your waking life.											romance	Unknown	To dream of romance suggests that you need to be more affectionate in your waking life.											rome	Place	"To dream that you are going to Rome or are in Rome signifies love, death, destiny or fate."											roof	Unknown	To see a roof in your dream symbolizes a barrier between two states of consciousness.	To dream that you are on top of a roof symbolizes boundless success.	"To dream that the roof is leaking represents distractions, annoyances, and unwanted influences in your life."	To dream that the roof is falling in indicates that your high ideals are crashing down on you.								rook	Bird	To see a rook in your dream represents your ability to move and traverse through life with relative ease.											room	Structure	To dream that you are in a room represents a particular aspect of yourself or a specific relationship.	To dream that you find or discover a new room suggests that you are developing new strengths and taking on new roles.	To dream that you are in an empty white room indicates a fresh start.	To dream of a dirty or messing room refers to an aspect of yourself that you are ashamed of or are refusing to acknowledge.	To dream of a yellow room suggests that you need to use your mind.							roommate	Person	To see your old roommate in your dream suggests that there is a lesson that you need to acknowledge from that former relationship and apply it to a current life situation.	To dream of your current roommate indicates that there are issues that you are not confronting with her or him.	To dream that you are looking for a roommate suggests that you are ready to incorporate a new and unknown component into your life.									rooster	Bird	"To see a rooster in your dream symbolizes masculinity, pride, valor, cockiness and arrogance."	To hear a rooster in your dream signifies bragging and self-glorification.										root_beer	Food	To see or drink root beer in your dream signifies being happy and carefree.											root	Body_Part	To see plant or tree roots in your dream symbolize the depths and core of your subconscious mind and soul.	To dream that you are pulling up roots suggests that you are ready to move on from the past.										rope	Substance	"To dream that you are tied up in ropes suggests that you are letting your heart guide you, despite your better judgment."											rosary	Unknown	"To see or hold a rosary in your dream symbolizes comfort, solace, or satisfaction."											rose_garden	Place	To dream that you are in a rose garden indicates that you are feeling satisfied and happy about some waking situation.											rosebush	Plant	To see a rosebush in your dream indicates that you are involved in some prickly situation.											rosemary	Food	To see rosemary in your dream symbolizes sadness and remembrance.											rose	Food	To see roses in your dream signify faithfulness in love and the coming of joy in some area of your life.	To see withered roses in your dream refers to the parting or absence of a loved one.										rotten	Unknown	To dream that something is rotten suggests that you are wasting away your potential.											rottweiler	Animal	"To see a rottweiler in your dream symbolizes confidence, protection, and courage."											rouge	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing or putting on rouge symbolizes some form of deception.	To see others wearing rouge in your dream indicates that you are being manipulated and deceived.										roulette	Activity	To dream that you are playing roulette indicates that you are ready to take a chance.											round_table	Unknown	To see a round table in your dream symbolizes wholeness and equality.											rowboat	Conveyance	To dream that you are in a rowboat symbolizes hard work and perseverance.											rowing	Activity	To dream that you are rowing indicates a hard and difficult journey or path.											royalty	Unknown	"To see a member of royalty in your dream represents spiritual strength, grace, power, extravagance, as well as ruthlessness."											rubber	Tool	To see rubber in your dream represents your adaptability and versatility to various situations.	To dream that you or someone is hit with a rubber object indicates that things literally bounce off of you.										rubber_band	Tool	To see or use a rubber band in your dream suggests that you need to be more accommodating to others.	To dream that a rubber band snaps indicates that you have outstretched yourself into too many responsibilities.										rubber_chicken	Unknown	To see a rubber chicken in your dream indicates that you are being too serious and need to lighten up.											rubber_duck	Unknown	To see or play with a rubber duck in your dream represents your playful attitude or your child-like emotions.											rubbish	Substance	To see rubbish in your dream may be a metaphor for something that is nonsensical.											rubble	Substance	To see a pile of rubble in your dream symbolizes unwanted or rejected aspects of yourself.											rube_goldberg	Individual	To see or make a Rube Goldberg machine suggests that you are needless complicating a simple issue.											ruby	Substance	"To see a ruby in your dream symbolizes passion, vitality and sexual desire."	To see ruby slippers in your dream represent your path to spiritual enlightenment.										rudder	Tool	To see a rudder in your dream signifies the path that your life is taking and the decisions you are making throughout this path.											rue	Place	"To see rue in your dream symbolizes remembrance, grief and repentance."											rug	Unknown	To see a rug in your dream suggests that you are trying to shield yourself from some harsh reality.											rugby	Activity	To watch or play rugby in your dream refers to your overly competitive and aggressive nature.											ruin	Action	To see ruins in your dream suggest that you are neglecting aspects of your life or that it is falling apart.											ruler	Tool	To see a ruler in your dream indicates your concerns about not measuring up to the standards of others.											rule	Tool	To dream that you are breaking the rules indicate you feelings of frustrations.	To dream that you are obeying the rules symbolize integrity.	To dream that you are making rules suggest that you need more discipline in your waking life.	To dream that you are disputing the rules symbolize internal conflict and personal struggles.								rum	Activity	To drink rum in your dream indicates a lack of class and morality.											rumor	Event	To hear a rumor in your dream signifies a hidden message from your subconscious.	To spread a rumor in your dream signifies your personal insecurities.										rumpelstiltskin	Unknown	To see Rumpelstiltskin in your dream refers to a repressed or negative aspect of subconscious that is holding you back.											runaway	Event	To dream that you are a runaway indicates that you are struggling with issues of belonging and acceptance.											running	Action	To dream that you are running away from someone indicates an issue that you are trying to avoid.	To dream that something or someone is running towards you refers to your willingness to confront any situation head on.	To dream that you are running alone refers to your determination and motivation in the pursuit of your goals.	To dream that you are running with someone signifies cooperation.								runway	Unknown	To see or dream that you are walking a catwalk represents your new found confidence.											rush	Action	To dream that you are in a rush indicates that you need to better manage your time.											russia	Place	"To dream of Russia implies that you are experiencing cold, hard times."											rust	Plant	"To see rust in your dream signifies neglect, disappointments, depression or old age."											rv	Conveyance	To see an RV in your dream means that you are feeling empowered.											rye	Food	To see rye or fields of rye in your dream symbolizes prosperity in your future.	To see or eat rye bread in your dream refers to a cheerful and tranquil home.										sack	Action	To see a sack in your dream symbolizes the womb and your sense of security.											sackcloth	Unknown	To wear a sackcloth in your dream represents humility and humbleness.											sacred	Unknown	To dream that something is sacred symbolizes the things that you hold close and value.											sad	Unknown	To dream that you are sad suggests that you need to learn from your disappointments and just be happy.	To dream that someone else is sad may be a projection of your own feelings.										saddle	Body_Part	To see a saddle in your dream suggests that you need to freely pursue your goals.	To dream that you are sitting on a saddle indicates that you will rise to a position of prominence and power.										sadism	Unknown	"To dream of sadism indicates repressed anger, often from childhood."											sagittarius	Place	To dream that someone is a Sagittarius represents your high ideals.											safari	Action	To dream that you are on a safari represents freedom from societal norms and rules.											safe	Tool	To see a safe in your dream indicates that you are hiding your sense of self worth and self value.	To see an empty safe signifies loss or lack.										safe_haven	Unknown	To dream of a safe haven place indicates that you have a positive outlook in life.											safety_pin	Tool	To see a safety pin in your dream indicates that a situation is on the verge of falling apart causing anxiety or fear.											saffron	Food	"To see or smell saffron in your dream signifies magic, humility and humbleness."											sage	Food	"To see sage in your dream signifies wisdom, frugality and practicality."											sailboat	Conveyance	To see a sailboat in your dream represents your emotional persona and how you navigate through the various situations in your life.											sailing	Action	To dream that you are sailing represents how your life is going and how you are able to handle life's problems.											sailor	Person	"To see a sailor in your dream signifies your desires for adventure, freedom and exploration."											saint	Person	To see a saint in your dream indicates that a special message is being given to you from the spiritual realm.											saint_bernard	Animal	To see a Saint Bernard in your dream implies that an aspect of your self is need of rescue.											salad	Food	To see or eat a salad in your dream suggests that you need to express your feelings and take in the positive influences in your life needed for personal growth.	To dream that there is a bug in your salad represents worries and concerns about your health.										salad_dressing	Food	To see or eat salad dressing in your dream indicates that you need to add some pizzazz to your life.											salamander	Animal	"To see a salamander in your dream represents your ability to survive through shame, misfortune, and/or embarrassment."											salami	Substance	To see or eat salami in your dream suggests that you are having issues related to your self-image.											salary	Unknown	To dream about your salary symbolizes the results of your hard work.											sale	Event	To dream that something is on sale represents opportunities that are readily available to you.											salesperson	Person	To see or dream that you are a salesperson suggests that there is something you need to incorporate in your life.											saliva	Substance	To see saliva in your dream symbolizes sexual and sensual appetites.	"To dream that you are spitting out your saliva implies that you are experiencing some anxieties about losing control, either physically or emotionally."	To see the saliva of an animal in your dream denotes intense feelings of anger and rage.									salmon	Fish	"To see a salmon in your dream represents determination, strength, and wisdom."											salon	Structure	To dream that you are at the salon indicates your concerns with your looks.											saloon	Structure	To dream that you are in a saloon indicates that you are trying to escape from life's stresses.											salsa	Food	To eat or see salsa in your dream suggests that you need to add a little bit more spice and variety in your life.	"To dream that you are dancing the salsa implies that you are ""dancing around in circles"" over some situation."										salt	Food	To see or taste salt in your dream represents a new found flare in your waking life.	To dream that you are throwing salt over your shoulder represents protection or luck.										saltpeter	Substance	To see saltpeter in your dream suggests that you will experience some grief over an extended period of time.											saltwater	Substance	To see or taste saltwater in your dream symbolizes tears and heartache.											salute	Unknown	To salute someone in your dream represents your yield to authority.											salve	Action	To dream that salve is being applied on you suggests that you will overcome your struggles.	"To dream that you are applying salve on someone else signifies your dependability, especially for those in need."										sample	Unknown	To see product samples in your dream signify your need to experience and explore what is available out there for you.											samurai	Person	"To see or dream that you are a samurai symbolizes loyalty, honor, duty and discipline."											sanctuary	Structure	To dream that you are in a sanctuary signifies your need to escape from the demands of your daily life.											sand	Person	To see sand in your dream signifies a shift in perspective or a change in your attitude.											sand_castle	Unknown	To dream that you are building a sand castle refers to your delusions of grandeur.											sand_dollar	Invertebrate	To see a sand dollar in your dream suggests that your feelings matter.											sandal	Unknown	To see or wear sandals in your dream signify comfort and ease.	To dream that your sandals are broken means that you need to approach some situation more slowly.										sandbag	Unknown	To see a sandbag in your dream indicates that something or someone is weighing your down and hindering your progress.											sandbox	Unknown	To see or play in a sandbox in your dream suggests that you are taking a situation too seriously.											sandpaper	Substance	To see or use sandpaper in your dream suggests that you need to smooth over some rough spots in your situation or relationship.											sandstorm	Unknown	"To dream that you are in a sandstorm indicates that you are feeling trapped, confined and disoriented in some waking situation."											sandwich	Food	To see a sandwich in your dream suggests that a lot of pressure and stress is being put on you.	To see or eat a fish sandwich in your dream indicates conflict between your spiritual beliefs and what is practical.										sandwich_bag	Unknown	To see or use a sandwich bag in your dream represents a reserve a energy that you are waiting to exert.											sanitary_napkin	Unknown	To see a maxi pad in your dream indicates that you need to release some pent up anger or tension.											santa_claus	Individual	"To see Santa Claus in your dream indicates that you need to be more giving, accepting, and/or forgiving."	To dream that you or someone is dressed as Santa Claus suggests that you need to treat others as you would like to be treated.	To dream that you or someone is taking a picture with Santa Claus signifies your personal memories of the holidays.	To dream that Santa Claus is attending your wedding highlights the jolly occasion.								sap	Tool	"To see sap in your dream signifies physical health, vigor, and energy."											sapphire	Substance	"To see a sapphire in your dream represents protection, heaven, and divinity."											sari	Unknown	"To see or wear a sari in your dream signifies covert sensuality, simplicity and adaptability."											sardine	Fish	To see or eat sardines in your dream symbolize the many components that make up your emotional blueprint.											sash	Structure	To see or wear a sash in your dream indicates that you are putting up a front or facade.											sasquatch	Unknown	To see bigfoot in your dream symbolizes the unknown and the subconscious.	To see or drive a bigfoot truck in your dream indicates that you have total control over the path that your life is taking.										satan	Unknown	To see Satan in your dream denotes that there is some wrongdoing or evil workings in your life or environment.											satellite	Person	To see a satellite in your dream symbolizes global communication and how we are all dependent on each other.											satellite_dish	Unknown	To see a satellite dish in your dream represents global awareness and your understanding about worldly issues.											saturn	Unknown	"To see Saturn in your dream represents discipline, constraints, and limitations."											satyr	Person	To see a Satyr or dream that you are a Satyr suggests that you are seeking sexual freedom.											sauce	Food	To see or taste some sort of sauce in your dream represents your sense of wisdom and intellect.											saucer	Tool	To see or use a saucer in your dream represents your emotional and spiritual support.											sauerkraut	Food	To see or eat sauerkraut in your dream indicates good health.											sauna	Structure	To dream that you are in a sauna suggests that you need to be more open and receptive to others' opinions and ideas.											sausage	Conveyance	To see or eat sausage in your dream symbolizes material values.											savage	Person	To see or dream that you are a barbarian represents the savage and instinctual aspect of your character.											savanna	Place	To see or dream that you are in a savanna suggests that you need to learn to adjust to the various situations and circumstances in your life.											saving	Action	To dream about your savings represents your preoccupation with money matters.											savings_bond	Unknown	To dream of your savings bonds represent your responsibility and commitment to another person or situation.											saw	Machine	To see or use a saw in your dream indicates that you need to quit doing something.	To see an electric saw in your dream signifies your ability to get down to the core of the problem.										sawdust	Substance	To see sawdust in your dream suggests that you need to clear up an emotional wound that was recently opened.											saxophone	Musical_Instrument	To see or play a saxophone in your dream indicates that there is something you need to express from deep within your soul.											scab	Substance	To see a scab in your dream symbolizes a time of healing.											scaffolding	Unknown	To see or dream that you are on a scaffolding represents a temporary condition in your life.											scale	Tool	To see a scale in your dream signifies a decision that you need to make.	To dream that you are standing on a bathroom scale represents concerns about your weight and your image.										scales_of_justice	Unknown	"To see the Scales of Justice in your dream symbolizes balance, harmony and good judgment."											scallop	Invertebrate	To see a scallop shell in your dream signifies female sexuality.											scalp	Body_Part	To see your scalp in your dream indicates that there is something that you need to get out of your head.											scandal	Event	To dream that you are involved in a scandal suggests that you are overly concerned with what others say or think about you.											scanner	Tool	To see or use a computer scanner in your dream represents your lack of originality and your tendency to mimic other's ideas and beliefs.	To hear a police scanner in your dream indicates an unrest within your subconscious that needs your immediate attention.										scapegoat	Person	To dream that you are a scapegoat suggests that you are feeling victimized.	To dream that you are making someone else a scapegoat indicates that you are not accepting responsibilities for your own actions.										scar	Illness	"To see a scar in your dream symbolizes your struggles, painful memories and/or the bad feelings that has never entirely healed and are still lingering in your mind."											scarab	Invertebrate	"To see a scarab in your dream symbolizes your ability to survive, adapt, and change."											scarecrow	Unknown	To see a scarecrow in your dream indicates depression.											scared	Unknown	"To dream that you are scared indicates that you are experiencing feelings of self-doubt, incompetence, and lack of control in your waking life."											scarf	Unknown	To see a scarf in your dream symbolizes self-restrictions.	To dream that you are wearing a scarf suggests that you are separating your mind from your body.										scavenger_hunt	Unknown	To dream that you are in a scavenger hunt indicates that you are lacking something in your waking life.											scepter	Unknown	To see a scepter in your dream represents individual power.											schedule	Unknown	To see a schedule in your dream suggests that you need better planning and organization in your life.											schizophrenia	Unknown	To dream that you have schizophrenia and you really do not represents your refusal to take responsibilities for your actions.	To see a schizophrenic or someone who has schizophrenia in your dream signifies your indecision about something.										schnauzer	Animal	To see a schnauzer in your dream highlights you hyper-alertness and loyalty.											school	Building	To dream that you are in school signifies feelings of inadequacy and childhood insecurities that have never been resolved.											school_bag	Unknown	"To see or carry a knapsack in your dream represents your hopes, desires, and secrets."											school_bus	Conveyance	To see or ride a school bus in your dream suggests that you are about to venture on an important life journey needed for your own personal growth.	To dream that you drive a school bus indicates that you like to take charge of others and watch out for their best interest.										schoolmate	Person	To see old classmates in your dream indicate that you need to draw on your old associations with your former classmates to gain insight in some current relationship.											scientist	Person	"To dream that you are a scientist signifies experimentation, invention, or eccentricity."											scissor	Unknown	To dream that you are using scissors denotes decisiveness and control in your waking life.	To see a pair of scissors in your dream indicates that your focus is being divided into too many directions.										scooter	Bird	To see or ride a scooter in your dream suggests that you are enjoying your position of power.											scorch	Illness	To dream that you are hot signifies passion and heated emotions.											score	Action	To see a game score in your dream symbolizes your successes or failures depending if your team won or lost.	To dream that you score signifies some sexual conquest.										scoreboard	Structure	To see a scoreboard in your dream represents how you are doing in life and how you compare to others.											scorpio	Place	"To dream that someone is a Scorpio signifies self-control, determination, tenacity, healing and transformation."											scorpion	Invertebrate	To see or be stung by a scorpion in your dream represents a situation in your waking life which may be painful or hurtful.											scrabble	Activity	To dream that you are playing with scrabble implies that you still need to piece together your thoughts and emotions.											scrapbook	Unknown	To see a scrapbook in your dream represents old feelings and memories.	To work on a scrapbook in your dream indicates that you need to incorporate some aspect of your past into a waking situation.										scratch	Event	"To see a scratch in your dream suggests that you are feeling anxiety about having to start over or begin something ""from scratch""."											scream	Event	To dream that you are screaming symbolizes anger and fear.											screen	Structure	To see a window screen in your dream implies that you are being cautiously optimistic about the good news you receive.	To see a blank movie screen suggests that you are trying to distance yourself from some issue or emotion.										screening	Activity	To attend or watch a movie or television screening in your dream suggests that you are watching life pass you by.	To dream that you are undergoing a medical screening suggests that you need to take a closer look at your actions and your motives.										screw	Tool	To see a screw in your dream represents your feelings of being taken advantaged or that you are messing things up.											screwdriver	Tool	To see a screwdriver in your dream indicates the need to hold some situation or relationship together.											script	Unknown	To read or write a script in your dream signifies the character or persona that you portray in your waking life.											scroll	Unknown	To see a scroll in your dream represents your hidden knowledge or ultimate potential.											scrub	Action	"To wear scrubs in your dream refers to your caring, supportive and giving nature."											scuba_diving	Activity	To dream that you are scuba diving represents your desire to delve deep in to your subconscious.											sculptor	Person	To dream that you are a sculptor refers to your creativity.											sculpture	Activity	To see a sculpture in your dream indicates that you are refusing to accept things as they really are.											scythe	Tool	To see or use a scythe in your dream suggests that you need to cut out some of the excess and needless things in your life.											sea	Unknown	To see the sea in your dream represents your subconscious and the transition between your subconscious and conscious.	To dream that you are lost at sea suggests that you are drifting around in life without any direction.										sea_horse	Fish	To see a sea horse in your dream represents the power of your subconscious.											sea_serpent	Unknown	To see a sea serpent in your dream represents an emotional transformation.	To dream of a sea serpent with a head on each end implies that you are feeling emotional torn.										sea_turtle	Animal	To see a sea turtle in your dream indicates that you are cautious when it comes to expressing your emotions.											sea_urchin	Invertebrate	To see a sea urchin in your dream symbolizes a flaw or weakness in your thinking.											seafood	Substance	To see or eat seafood in your dream indicates recognition and a mergence of your spirituality with your conscious being.											seagull	Bird	To see seagulls in your dream indicate a desire to get away from your problems or the demands of your walking life.											seal	Animal	To see a seal in your dream refers to your playfulness and jovial disposition.											seam	Place	To see a seam in your dream suggests that there are two components in your life that you need to bring together and unify as a whole.	To dream that a seam has come undone signifies unfocused energy.										seamstress	Person	To see a seamstress in your dream represents your ability to create and mend things.											search	Activity	To dream that you are searching for something signifies the need to find something that is missing or needed in your life.											searchlight	Tool	To see a flashlight in your dream suggests that you are questioning certain issues about yourself.											seashell	Unknown	To see seashells in your dream represent security and protection.											seasick	Unknown	To dream that you are seasick represents emotions that are dragging you and weighing you down.											season	Unknown	To dream of the seasons signify a passage of time and the phases and periods in your life.											seat	Tool	To see a chair in your dream symbolizes your need to sit down and take time out to contemplate a situation before proceeding.	To dream that someone is offering you a chair suggests that you need to be open to taking and accepting advice.										seatbelt	Tool	To wear a seatbelt in your dream suggests that you need to work on controlling your emotions.	To dream that you are having trouble putting on your seatbelt indicates that you are worried about what is ahead in your future.										seaweed	Unknown	To see seaweed in your dream suggests that you need to rely on your intuition and trust your instincts.											secret	Unknown	To dream that you or someone has a secret represents hidden power.	To dream that your secret is revealed signifies fear of being exposed for who you really are.										secret_admirer	Unknown	To dream that you have a secret admirer suggests that there are some unknown aspects of yourself that you need to find out about and incorporate into your character.											secret_santa	Unknown	To dream that someone is your Secret Santa signifies the spirit of giving.											secretary	Person	To see or dream that you are a secretary indicates that you need to more order and organization in your life.											sect	Unknown	To dream that you are in a cult suggests that you are in some destructive and/or manipulative relationship.	To see a cult in your dream indicates that you are lacking any spiritual freedom.	To dream that you are a leader of a cult signifies your authoritarian attitude.									security	Action	To dream that you have a sense of security may be a dream of the contrary and thus signify insecurity in your waking life.											security_bar	Unknown	To see security bars on a window in your dream represents opportunities that are in your view but still out of your grasp.											security_camera	Unknown	To see a security camera in your dream means that you feel that you are being scrutinized and judged for your actions or behavior.											security_guard	Person	To see or dream that you are a security guard suggests that you are seeking security in some situation or relationship.											seduction	Action	To dream of seduction is an expression of your sexual desires.											seed	Substance	"To see seeds in you dream symbolize fertility heritage, potential, and continuity of life."											seepage	Event	To see seepage in your dream indicates that some repressed feelings are emerging from your subconscious or from your past.											seesaw	Unknown	To see or dream that you are on a seesaw represents the ups and downs of your emotions and of your life in general.											segway	Tool	To see or ride a Segway in your dream suggests that you need to exercise more balance and control in your waking life.											self_defense	Unknown	To dream that you are taking self defense indicates that you are on the defensive about some issue in your waking life.											self-harm	Unknown	To dream that you are harming yourself suggests that you are seeking attention.											self_storage	Unknown	To dream that you are at a self storage facility relates to issues that you are keeping to yourself instead of confronting.											selfie	Unknown	To dream that you are taking a selfie suggests that you may be focusing too much on yourself and not enough on others.											selling	Event	To dream that you are selling something indicates that you are undergoing changes in your waking life.											semi_truck	Unknown	To see a semi truck in your dream indicates that you are feeling overburdened or that you are being taken advantage of.											seminar	Activity	To dream that you are attending a seminar suggests that you are expanding your knowledge and understanding.											senile	Unknown	To dream that you are senile indicates that you are letting your abilities go to waste.											senior_home	Unknown	To dream that you live in a senior home (but you don't really live in one in real life) means that you are becoming too dependent on others.	To see or dream that you are visiting a senior home implies that you need to reconnect with some elderly person in your waking life.	"To dream that you volunteer in a senior home suggests that you need to be more respectful or compassionate of others, particularly people who are older than you."									sense	Unknown	"To dream that you are hypersensitive or that your senses are heightened indicates new found awareness, insight and increased spirituality"											sensuality	Unknown	To experience sensuality in your dream suggests that you need to pay more attention to the needs of your body.											separation	Action	To dream of a separation suggests that you are experiencing some separation anxiety.											sepia	Substance	To dream in sepia hues indicates feelings and thoughts from the primal aspects and less developed parts of your subconscious.											september	Unknown	To dream of the month of September signifies a positive outlook with good luck and fortune.	"To dream about the events of September 11, 2001 represents your anger and fears."										sequin	Unknown	To see or wear sequins in your dream represent your desires to be noticed.											sequoia	Substance	To see redwood trees in your dream symbolize longevity and continuity.											serenade	Unknown	To dream that you serenade someone signifies your love for life.											serial_killer	Person	To see a serial killer in your dream represents fear and insecurity.	To dream that you are a serial killer indicates that your compulsions and habits are working against you.										serious	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is serious suggests that there is a wall that is keeping someone from getting through.											sermon	Event	To listen to a sermon in your dream indicates that you are looking for some spiritual advice.	To dream that you are giving a sermon suggests that you are forcing your views and beliefs on others.										serpent	Animal	To see a serpent in your dream signifies the balance of good and evil.	To see a winged serpent in your dream denotes wisdom.										servant	Person	To dream that you are a servant suggests that you are too yielding to others or that you are too submissive in some situation.	To dream that you have a servant indicates your authoritative and commanding role in a waking situation.										service	Activity	To dream that you are providing a service symbolizes your willingness to share or help others.											sesame	Plant	To see sesame in your dream signifies hidden treasures and riches.	To dream of sesame oil represents hard work and dedication.	To eat or make sesame paste in your dream refers to something that you are processing in your waking life.									settle	Unknown	To dream that you settle for something means that you need to free yourself from the burdens and responsibilities you are faced with in your waking life.											sewage	Substance	To see sewage in your in dream represents your rejected or shameful emotions.											sewer	Place	To see a sewer in your dream signifies putrid conditions and old relationships.	To see a sewer pipe in your dream represents the flow of subconscious material being suppressed deeper and deeper.										sewing	Activity	To dream that you are sewing suggests that you are trying to make amends with others.											sewing_machine	Machine	To see a sewing machine in your dream denotes that economizing will help you through difficult times.											sex	Unknown	To dream about sex refers to the integration and merging of contrasting aspects of yourself.	To dream about sex with someone other than your spouse or significant other suggests dissatisfaction with the physical side of your relationship.	To dream that you are having sex with an ex or someone who is not your current mate denotes your reservations about embarking in a new relationship or situation.	To dream that you are having sex with a stranger represents uncertainty about what is ahead.	To dream that you are having sex with a friend refers to the closeness you share with your friend.							sex_tape	Unknown	To dream that you are making a sex tape means that you are sexually open to new things.											sex_toy	Unknown	"To see or use a sex toy in your dream suggests that you are feeling unsatisfied in some area of your life, which may or may not relate to sex."											sextant	Tool	"To see a sextant in your dream symbolizes adventure, exploration, progress and a new journey."											sextuplets	Unknown	"To see sextuplets in your dream suggests that there is balance, harmony and tranquility in your family life."											sexuality	Unknown	To dream about your own sexuality signifies the secrets and meaning of life.											shack	Structure	To see a shack in your dream represents your undeveloped self.											shackle	Tool	To dream that you are in shackles suggests that you are in a rut.											shade	Unknown	To dream that you are in the shade symbolizes protection.											shadow_boxing	Unknown	To dream that you are shadow boxing indicates an internal conflict.											shakespeare	Person	To dream that you are reading Shakespeare signifies your literary aptitude.											shaking	Action	To dream that you are shaking suggests that you are getting rid of your old habits and former ways of thinking.											shaman	Person	To see a shaman in your dream symbolizes a spiritual messenger or guide.											shame	Event	"To feel shame in your dream signifies waking feelings of guilt, insecurity or low esteem that has carried over into the dream world."											shampoo	Activity	To see or use shampoo in your dream indicates that you need clear out your old attitudes and old ways of thinking.											shamrock	Plant	To see a shamrock in your dream symbolizes your need to be or feel protected.											shape	Unknown	To see various shapes in your dreams suggests that things in your life may literally be taking shape.											sharing	Event	To dream that you are sharing something symbolizes your generosity toward others.											shark	Fish	"To see a shark in your dream indicates feelings of anger, hostility, and fierceness."											sharpen	Unknown	To sharpen an object in your dream suggests that you need to flexible in your thinking.											shaving_cream	Unknown	To see or use shaving cream in our dream signifies issues with your self-image.											shawl	Unknown	To see or wear a shawl in your dream signifies comfort.											shed	Building	To see a shed in your dream suggests that you are not utilizing your full abilities and skills.											sheep	Animal	To see sheep in your dream indicates docility and conformity.	To see a black sheep in your dream symbolizes greed and temptation.										sheet	Substance	To notice or buy bedspread in your dream represents your open sexuality and outward beauty.											sheet_music	Unknown	"To see sheet music in your dream represents sensuality and harmony, especially in some waking relationship."											shelf	Tool	To see a shelf in your dream suggests that there is something that you need to put aside right now.											shell	Conveyance	"To see a shell in your dream signifies your inner desire to be sheltered, nourished and protected from life's problems."											shelter	Structure	To see or dream that you are at a shelter represents the difficulties and sense of helplessness that you are experiencing.											shepherd	Person	To see a shepherd in your dream symbolizes the nurturing aspect of your character.											shield	Unknown	"To see a shield in your dream symbolizes emotional and spiritual protection, as well as physical protection."											shiny	Unknown	To see something shiny in your dream represents your potential that has yet to be unleashed.											ship	Conveyance	To see a ship in your dream denotes that you are exploring aspects of your emotions and subconscious.	To dream that you are sailing the high seas in a ship denotes that you are still standing tall despite the emotional turmoil occurring in your life.	To dream that a ship has crashed or sunk suggests that you are feeling emotionally out of control.	To dream that you abandon ship indicates that you need to move on and let go.								shirt	Unknown	To dream of a shirt refers to your emotions or some emotional situation.	"To dream that you are giving a shirt to someone may be a metaphor for ""giving the shirt off your back""."	"To dream that you are shirtless or that you lost your shirt signifies financial worry, monetary lost or risky endeavor."									shiva	Unknown	To see the Hindu god Shiva in your dream signifies struggle and conflict.											shiver	Unknown	To shiver in your dream indicates that you are experiencing some deep seated fears from the subconscious.											shock	Event	To dream that you receive a shock represents a sudden awakening and new awareness.											shoebox	Structure	To see a shoebox in your dream suggests that you are headed toward a new direction in life.	To see an empty shoebox in your dream indicates that you are feeling lost.										shoemaker	Person	To see or dream that you are a shoemaker suggests that a situation or relationship that you thought was dead or dormant is active again.											shooting	Action	To see a shooting in your dream indicates that you have a set goal and know what to aim for in life.	To dream that someone is shooting you with a gun suggests that you are experiencing some confrontation in your waking life.										shooting_range	Unknown	To dream that you are at a shooting range symbolizes your outlet for your aggression and anger.											shooting_star	Unknown	To see a shooting star in your dream is a sign of self-fulfillment and advancement.											shopping	Action	To dream that you are shopping symbolizes your needs and desires.	To dream that you cannot find what you are shopping for suggests that you are trying to find a solution to some life problem.	To dream that you are shopping for gifts for someone implies that you are looking or searching for acceptance.									shopping_bag	Unknown	To see or carry a shopping bag in your dream represents the reward for your hard work and efforts.											shopping_cart	Conveyance	To see or use a shopping cart in your dream indicates that you are reaping the rewards and benefits of your hard work.											shore	Tool	To see the shore in your dream suggests that your emotional needs are satisfied and inner turmoil has been resolved.											shortcut	Place	To take a shortcut in your dream indicates that you are being careless.											short	Activity	To dream that you are wearing shorts indicates that you are ready to be more open and reveal a little more about your inner persona.											shot	Action	To dream that you are shot or being shot at represents a form of self-punishment that you may be subconsciously imposing on yourself.											shotgun	Weapon	To see or shoot a shotgun in your dream means that you need to better focus your energies toward your goal.											shoulder	Body_Part	"To see your shoulders in your dream symbolize strength, responsibility and burdens."											shovel	Machine	"To see a shovel in your dream suggests that you are seeking knowledge, insight, and inner intellect."	To dream that a shovel is broken indicates that you are frustrated with work.										shower	Activity	"To dream that you are taking a shower in clear, fresh water symbolizes spiritual or physical renewal and forgiveness."	To dream that you are taking a shower in dirty or muddy water implies that you are feeling unclean about a situation.										shower_cap	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a shower cap suggests that you are trying to shield yourself from some emotional situation.											shower_curtain	Unknown	To see a shower curtain in your dream indicates that you are not fully expressing your emotions.	To see a dirty or moldy shower curtain in your dream represents negative emotions that you are repressing.										shredder	Tool	To see or use a shredder in your dream indicates that there is something that you are trying to hide or protect.											shrimp	Invertebrate	To see or eat shrimp in your dream suggests that you are feeling overpowered and insignificant.											shrine	Building	To see or make a shrine in your dream indicates that you are putting too much of your energy into one element of your life.											shrink	Person	To see others shrink in your dream indicates their insignificance.											shroud	Unknown	To see a shroud in your dream symbolizes death or the end of something.											shuffleboard	Activity	To watch or play shuffleboard in your dream indicates that you are idling in some area of your life.											shutter	Tool	To see window shutters in your dream suggest that you are shutting yourself out in some aspect of your daily life.											shy	Action	"To dream that you are shy suggests that you need to be more assertive, aggressive and confident in your abilities and talents."											sibling	Person	To see your sibling in your dream indicates unresolved issues with your sibling or unresolved issues from your childhood that needs to be confronted.	To see someone else's sibling(s) in you dream represents a quality or characteristic of that sibling that you need to incorporate and acknowledge within yourself.										sibling_rivalry	Unknown	To dream of sibling rivalry suggests feelings of insecurity or doubt.											sibyl	Person	"To see a sibyl in your dream symbolizes insight, intuition and feminine instinct."											sick	Unknown	To dream that you or others are sick denotes discordance and trouble in your life.											sickle	Tool	To see a sickle in your dream is symbolic of your labor and hard work.											sideburns	Unknown	To dream that you have sideburns implies that you are giving serious thought to some issue or problem.											sidecar	Conveyance	"To see or ride in a sidecar in your dream indicates that you desire independence and control of your own destiny, but something or someone is holding you back."											side	Body_Part	To dream that your sides hurt suggest that what may seem like a lighthearted situation can turn out to be harmful.											sidewalk	Place	To dream that you are walking on a sidewalk represents your steady progress and direction in life.											sideways	Unknown	To dream that you are traveling or walking sideways suggests that you are not approaching your problems or issues head on.											sieve	Tool	To see a sieve in your dream signifies your ability to weigh your options and make wise decisions.											sign	Structure	To see a sign in your dream indicates that you need help.											sign_language	Unknown	To communicate in sign language in your dream suggests that you need to find other ways to get your opinion heard since no one is listening to you.											signature	Substance	To see your signature in your dream represents your agreement and acceptance for a particular condition or situation.											silhouette	Place	To see a silhouette in your dream represents some aspect of your life that is not clearly defined.											silk	Substance	"To see or feel silk in your dream represents luxury, smoothness, and softness."	To dream that you are wearing silk suggests prestige.										silo	Structure	To see a silo in your dream suggests that you need to save money.											silver	Substance	"To see silver in your dream symbolizes the moon, intuition and the feminine aspects of yourself."											silverware	Unknown	To see or use new and fancy silverware in your dream indicates harmony in your domestic life.											simon_says	Unknown	To dream that you are playing Simon Says implies that you need to listen to directions carefully.											sindoor	Unknown	To wear sindoor in your dream implies that you are undergoing a transitional phase in your life.	To dream that your girlfriend is wearing sindoor indicates that you do not know where you stand in the relationship.										singer	Person	To see a famous singer in your dream represents a divine influence.											singing	Activity	"To sing in your dream represents happiness, harmony and joy in some situation or relationship."											sink	Unknown	To see a sink in your dream represents your feelings and your ability to control your emotions.											sinkhole	Unknown	To see a sinkhole in your dream suggests that you are unsure of where you stand emotionally in some relationship.											sinking	Event	To dream that you or something is sinking suggests that you are feeling overwhelmed.											sippy_cup	Unknown	To see or use a sippy cup in your dream implies that you need to take things more slowly in a new relationship.											siren	Animal	To see a Greek Siren in your dream symbolizes some temptation in your waking life.	To dream that you are a Greek Siren reflects your hidden desires to be more sexually daring and adventurous.										siren	Animal	To hear sirens in your dream signify a situation or problem that is giving you much stress.											sister	Person	"To see your sister in your dream symbolizes some aspect of your relationship with her, whether it one of sibling rivalry, nurturance, protectiveness, etc."											sister-in-law	Person	To see your sister-in-law in your dream represents characteristics in her that you find within your own self.											sit-com	Unknown	To dream that you are watching a comedy suggests that you need to try and find the humorous side of a situation especially when things seem to get too intense.											sit_up	Unknown	"To do sit ups in your dream suggests that you need to pay better attention to something in your life, like a relationship, school, work, family, or project."											sitar	Musical_Instrument	"To see or hear a sitar in your dream signifies passion, joy and healing."											sitting	Action	To dream that you are sitting indicates your indecision.											size	Substance	To dream about the size of something represents the importance or lack of importance that you attach to certain objects or persons.											skateboard	Conveyance	To see or ride a skateboard in your dream indicates that you have the gift of making any difficult situation look easy.											skatepark	Unknown	To dream that you are at a skatepark means that you are not afraid of confronting obstacles that may stand in your way.											skating	Activity	To dream that are skating symbolizes your ability to maintain a balance in your life.	To dream that you are skating on ice indicates satisfaction with a current project.										skeleton	Structure	To see a skeleton in your dream represents something that is not fully developed.	To see someone depicted as a skeleton signifies that your relationship with them is long dead.										skeleton_key	Tool	To see a skeleton key refers to old emotions or memories that you have stored or locked away.											sketch	Event	To see or draw a sketch of yourself in your dream suggests that you need to view a situation from a different perspective.											ski_jump	Tool	To perform a ski jump in your dream represents a new project or relationship that is taking off quickly.											ski_lift	Conveyance	To see or ride a ski lift in your dream indicates that you are achieving new heights and overcoming your fears.											ski_mask	Unknown	To see or wear a ski mask in your dream refers to a dark secret you are keeping.	To see someone in a ski mask represents the shadow aspect of your persona.										skiing	Activity	To dream that you are skiing suggests that you are pushing yourself and putting your mental and/or physical ability to the test.											skin	Body_Part	To dream of your skin represents protection or shield of your inner self.											skinless	Unknown	To dream that you or someone else is skinless suggests that you are having difficulties in sensing your emotional and psychological world.											skinning	Unknown	To dream that you are skinning an animal implies that you want to make your animalistic desires known.	To dream that you are skinning yourself means that you are revealing your true self.										skinny_dipping	Unknown	To dream that you are skinny dipping indicates that you are freely and openly exploring aspects of your subconscious.											skipping	Unknown	To dream that you are skipping suggests that you need to be more light-hearted.											skirt	Person	To dream that you are wearing a skirt represents the signals and hidden messages that you are conveying or sending out.											skull	Body_Part	"To see a skull in your dream symbolizes danger, evil or death."	To dream that a skull is talking to you suggests that aspects of yourself that you have suppressed or rejected is starting to come back to the surface.	To dream that a skull is trying to swallow you indicates that you are literally being consumed by some danger.									skunk	Animal	To see a skunk in your dream suggests that you are driving people away or turning them off.	To smell a skunk or to dream that the skunk is spraying indicates fear.										sky	Substance	"To look up at the clear blue sky in your dream denotes hope, possibilities, creativity, peace and freedom of expression."	To see a green colored sky in your dream symbolizes high hopes.	To see a red colored sky in your dream represents looming danger.	To dream that the sky is falling represents your fear of the unknown.	To dream that something is falling out of the sky signifies your pessimistic attitude.							skydiving	Action	To dream that you are skydiving represents your high ideals.											skylight	Structure	To see or install a skylight in your dream represents enlightenment.											skyscraper	Building	"To see a skyscraper in your dream represents your high ideals, creativity, accomplishments and imagination."											skywriting	Unknown	To see skywriting in your dream represents a spiritual message.											slap	Action	To dream that you slap someone suggests that you are harboring some repressed anger and deep-seated rage.											slate	Substance	"To see slate in your dream symbolizes possibilities, potential, information and knowledge."											slaughter	Action	To see or slaughter an animal in your dream signifies a loss or an end to an aspect of yourself.											slaughterhouse	Building	To see or dream that you are in a slaughterhouse suggests that you may need to compromise an aspect of yourself in order to move ahead.											slave	Person	To dream that you are a slave suggests that you are not taking charge of your own life.											slavery	Activity	To dream about slavery indicates that you are not utilizing your power.											sled	Conveyance	To see a sled in your dream signifies childishness.											sledgehammer	Tool	To see or use a sledgehammer in your dream suggests that you need to break down the walls that you have created around you.											sleeping	Event	To dream that you are sleeping denotes peace of mind.	To see someone sleeping in your dream is a reflection of yourself and your own subconscious mind.										sleeping_bag	Unknown	To see a sleeping bag in your dream represents warmth and protection.											sleeping_beauty	Individual	To see Sleeping Beauty in your dream symbolizes eternal beauty.											sleeping_pill	Substance	To see or take a sleeping pill in your dream indicates that you are choosing to be ignorant about a situation.											sleepover	Event	To dream that you are at a sleepover indicates that there is a situation that you are refusing To see or accept.											sleepy	Unknown	To feel sleepy in your dream suggests that you are letting an opportunity pass you by if you do not take action.											sleeve	Unknown	To notice your sleeves in your dream suggests that you need to protect yourself against your adversaries or haters out there.											slide	Action	To dream that you or somebody is on a slide indicates that you are experiencing some instability in your waking life.											slime	Substance	To see or feel slime in your dream represents your inability to place your trust in someone.											slingshot	Unknown	To see or play with a slingshot in your dream represents the negative aspects of your childhood.											slinky	Unknown	To see or play with a Slinky toy in your dream denotes your flexibility and adaptability to any situation.											slip	Action	To dream that you slip on something suggests that you are forcing yourself to do something that you do not really want to do.	To dream that you are wearing only a slip represents your individualism.										slipper	Person	To see or wear slippers in your dream suggest that you are feeling sluggish and/or insecure.											slippery	Unknown	To dream that you are walking on slippery ground indicates a lack of progress in some endeavor.											slot_machine	Machine	To see or play a slot machine in your dream suggests that you need to be more careful with your spending.											sloth	Activity	To see a sloth in your dream indicates your passivity in a situation.											slow_motion	Event	"To dream that you are moving in slow motion suggests that you are feeling powerless, anxious or frustrated."											sludge	Substance	To see sludge in your in dream represents your rejected or shameful emotions.											slug	Invertebrate	"To see slugs in your dream indicate that you are progressing through life in a slow, steady, and persistent manner."	To dream that slugs are coming out from inside your body suggest that you are having difficulties expressing some aspect of your emotion.										slumber_party	Unknown	To dream that you are at a sleepover indicates that there is a situation that you are refusing To see or accept.											slum	Place	"To dream that you live in the slums indicates your negative outlook, deteriorating thoughts and crumbling ideals."											small	Body_Part	To dream that you are small and everyone is normal sized suggests that you are suffering from low self-esteem and/or a sense of helplessness.											smart	Illness	To dream that you are smart indicates that you hold the knowledge to make some important decision in your life.											smell	Activity	To smell something in your dream indicates your past experiences and feelings you associate with that particular smell.											smelling_salt	Unknown	To dream that you are using smelling salts suggests that you need to pay attention to or focus on some goal or urgent matter.											smile	Unknown	To dream that you or others are smiling means that you are pleased with your achievements and approve of the decisions you have made.											smiley	Unknown	To see a smiley face in your dream symbolizes approval and validation of your actions.	To see different smiley faces in your dream represents your range of emotions.										smog	Unknown	To see smog in your dream symbolizes your negative emotions.											smoke	Action	To see smoke in your dream indicates some sort of trouble that is entering your life.	To breathe or see secondhand smoke in your dream suggests that your ignorance in some matter is doing your harm.										smoke_detector	Unknown	To see or hear a smoke detector in your dream represents a potentially harmful situation that requires your quick action and fast response.											smoke_ring	Unknown	To blow smoke rings in your dream refer to your carefree and relaxed attitude.	To see smoke rings in your dream indicate that your judgment is being clouded.										smoothie	Food	To make or drink a smoothie in your dream is analogous to how your life is going.											smudging	Unknown	To dream of smudging implies that you need to rid yourself of some negative energy in your life.											smuggling	Event	To dream that you are smuggling something indicates that you are trying to claim what you feel is rightfully yours.											snake	Animal	To see a snake or be bitten by one in your dream signifies hidden fears and worries that are threatening you.	To see a baby snake in your dream means that you are underestimating some threat in your waking life.	To see the skin of a snake in your dream represents protection from illnesses.	To see a snake with a head on each end in your dream suggests that you are being pulled in two different directions.	To dream of a snake without a head or without any eyes implies that you are refusing to see the danger in a situation.	To dream that a snake is being beheaded indicates that there is an issue that you are not confronting.	To see a dead snake in your dream means that a threat has passed.	To dream that you are eating a live snake indicates that you are looking for intimacy or sexual fulfillment.	To dream that a snake is eating another snake represents your drive and determination to succeed at whatever cost.			snake_charmer	Person	To see or dream that you are a snake charmer refers to control over your sexual desires.											snapdragon	Plant	To see a snapdragon in your dream symbolizes forgiveness and kindness.											sneaker	Person	To see or wear sneakers in your dream suggest that you are approaching through life with ease and little obstacles.											sneaking	Unknown	To dream that you are sneaking around indicates that you are feeling ashamed of your actions or are lacking self-confidence in achieving your goals.											sneeze	Illness	To dream that you sneeze indicates a life of ease and joy.											sniffle	Unknown	"To hear or sniffle in your dream signifies a growing problem in your waking life, especially if it is not dealt with properly."											sniper	Person	To dream that you are a sniper or are being attacked by one represents hidden aggression that you need to acknowledge.											snob	Person	To dream that you are being a snob indicates your tendency to prejudge and look down on others.											snoring	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is snoring indicates that you are completely oblivious to what is going around you.											snorkeling	Activity	To dream that you are snorkeling suggests that you are exploring your emotions and trying to understand why you feel the way you do about certain things.											snot	Substance	To dream that you are picking snot out of your nose indicates that you are ready to confront some subconscious material.	"To dream that your nose is full of snot implies that you are being stuffy, unyielding and rigid."										snout	Body_Part	To see a snout in your dream suggests that you have a keen sense of smell.											snow	Substance	"To see snow in your dream signifies your inhibitions, unexpressed emotions and feelings of frigidity."	"To see dirty snow in your dream refers to a lost in innocence, impurity and uncleanness."	"To dream that you are watching the snow fall represents a clean start and a fresh, new perspective."	To dream that you are playing in the snow indicates that you need to set some time for fun and relaxation.	"To dream that you find something in the snow suggests that you are exploring and accessing your unused potential, abilities, and talents."							snow_fox	Unknown	"To see a snow fox in your dream highlights your feelings of loneliness, either by choice or by circumstances."											snow_globe	Unknown	To see a snow globe in your dream signifies your desires for peace and serenity.	To dream that you are inside the snow globe suggests that you are feeling stuck in your life.										snowboarding	Action	To dream that you or someone is snowboarding indicates that you are overcoming your fears.											snowflake	Bird	To see a snowflake in your dream represents purity and perfection.											snowman	Unknown	To see a snowman in your dream suggests that you are emotionally cold or frigid.											snowmobile	Conveyance	To see or ride on a snowmobile in your dream indicates that you are taking advantage of the opportunities made available to you while they last.											snowstorm	Unknown	To dream about a blizzard suggests that you are feeling emotionally cold and frigid.											snowsuit	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a snowsuit means that you are trying to protect yourself from negativity.											soap	Substance	To see soap in your dream indicates that you need to wash away some of your past emotions or memories.	To dream that something of value turn into soap suggests that you are not taking care of the things you treasure.										soap_opera	Event	To dream that you are in or watching a soap opera indicates that your life is like a drama.											soaring	Action	To dream that you are soaring through the air symbolizes freedom from restrictions.											soccer	Activity	To dream that you are playing soccer suggests that you are suppressing your sexuality or aggression and expressing it in a more socially acceptable manner.											socket	Body_Part	To see a socket in your dream suggests that you need to reenergize and revitalize yourself.											sock	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing socks signifies warmth and comfort.											sod	Person	To dream that you are laying sod indicates that your hard work and effort will pay off in the end.											soda	Food	To drink soda in your dream indicates that you need to be more bubbly or vivacious.											soft	Unknown	To feel something soft in your dream signifies a warm and welcoming situation.											solstice	Unknown	To dream of the summer solstice symbolizes abundance and fertility.	To dream of the winder solstice symbolizes rebirth and rejuvenation.										sudoku	Unknown	To see or play Sudoku in your dream suggests that you are being faced with a mental challenge and complex problem.											sofa	Unknown	"To see or dream that you are on a couch represents rest, relaxation, laziness or boredom."											softball	Activity	To dream that you are playing or watching softball indicates that you need to stay within your own limits and capabilities.											software	Unknown	"To see software in your dream represents your personality traits, behaviors and habits."											soil	Place	To see or be in contact with soil in your dream symbolizes growth and fertility.											solar_system	Unknown	To see the solar system in your dream suggests that you are lacking direction in your life.											soldier	Invertebrate	"To see or dream that you are a soldier signifies discipline, structure, rigidity and your staunch attitude."											somersault	Action	To dream that your or someone is doing a somersault suggests that you like to do things in excess.											sommelier	Person	To dream that you are a sommelier represents your role in someone else's decision making process.	To see a sommelier in your dream indicates that you are looking for advice on some decision or the direction you should take in life.										son	Person	"To see your son in your dream signifies your ideal, hopes, potential, and the youthful part of yourself."											sonogram	Unknown	To see or dream that you are getting a sonogram signifies a new and developing phase in your life.											soot	Substance	To see soot in your dream symbolizes immortality.											sorcerer	Person	"To see or dream that you are a sorcerer represents your talents, inner strengths, and creative ability."											sore	Illness	To dream that you have sores on your body suggest that you are keeping in some negative emotions and attitudes that need to be released and expressed.											sorority	Unknown	To dream that you are in or join a sorority signifies personal growth and social changes that you are experiencing in your life.											sorry	Unknown	To dream that you are sorry parallels waking feelings of regret or remorse.	To hear someone say sorry in your dream highlights forgiveness and letting go.										soul	Person	To dream that you have a lack of soul or no soul suggests that you are feeling spiritually lost.	To dream that your soul is leaving your body represents your feelings of self-guilt.	To dream that you marry someone in order save their soul refers to the sacrifices you are making in that situation or relationship.									soul_patch	Unknown	To see someone or dream that you have a soul patch refers to your eccentric thinking.											sound_wave	Event	To see or make sound waves in your dream indicates that you are in tune with your own feelings or the feelings of others.											sour	Food	To taste something sour in your dream refers to some resentment in your emotional state of mind.											south	Place	"To dream of the direction south indicates life, expectations, and questions."											south_america	Place	To dream about South America suggests that you are trying to resolve some conflict or conquer the obstacles in your life.											south_pole	Place	To dream that you are in the South Pole represents the challenges and hardships in your waking life and your ability to endure it all.	To dream that you live in the South Pole symbolizes your survival skills.										sowing	Unknown	To dream that you are sowing seeds represent new beginnings and ideas.											soybean	Substance	To see or eat soybean in your dream implies that you are expressing some health concern.											spa	Structure	To dream that you are at a spa suggests that you need to take time out and pamper yourself.											space	Place	To see or dream that you are in space represents exploration and independent thinking.											spaceship	Conveyance	To see a spaceship in your dream symbolizes your creative mind.											spade	Tool	"To see the ace of spades in your dream symbolize spontaneity, mischievous, and/or heartlessness."											spaghetti	Substance	"To see or eat spaghetti in your dream symbolizes longevity, nourishment and abundance."											spanking	Event	To dream that you are spanking someone suggests that you need to work on your childish rage and tantrums.											sparrow	Bird	To see a sparrow in your dream represents inner dignity.											spark	Event	"To see a spark in your dream represents a fresh idea, infinite possibilities or a new beginning."											spartan	Person	To see or dream that you are a Spartan indicates that you are confronting life's challenges and taking conflicts head-on.											spatula	Tool	To see or use a spatula in your dream indicates that that there is a difficult situation that you are trying your best to handle or manipulate.											speaker	Tool	To see speakers in your dream indicates that you are demanding to be heard.											spear	Weapon	To dream that you are throwing spear indicates that you are thrusting forth your will and your power into a situation.	To see a spear in your dream symbolizes power and fertility.										spectacle	Event	To dream that you are wearing eyeglasses and you do not normally wear them suggests that you need a clearer view on a situation.	To see broken eyeglasses in your dream indicates that your vision and perception is impaired.	To see or wear 3D eyeglasses in your dream means that you need to look at some problem or something from a new perspective.									speech	Event	To give a speech in your dream indicates that you need to vocalize your feelings and thoughts.	To dream that there is no one listening to your speech suggests that you are not being acknowledged for your work or achievements.	To hear a speech in your dream suggests that your inner feelings are being made known to those around you.									speed	Action	"To dream that you are taking speed indicates that you are putting yourself in a dangerous situation, particularly if you do not use speed in your waking life."											speed_bump	Structure	To see or go over a speed bump in your dream indicates that you need to slow down.											speeding	Action	To dream that you are speeding indicates that you are compelled and driven to complete something.											speeding_ticket	Unknown	To get a speeding ticket in your dream indicates that you are rushing through some decision or rushing into a relationship.											speedometer	Tool	To see a speedometer in your dream is analogous to the pace of your life.											spell	Unknown	To dream that you are under a spell indicates that someone has a powerful influence on you.	To dream that you are casting a spell implies that you are undergoing an inner transformation.										spelling	Unknown	To dream that you are spelling a word suggests that you are trying to understand a difficult idea by breaking it down into smaller parts.											spending	Event	To dream that you are watching your spending indicates that you are holding back your emotions.											sphere	Place	To see a sphere in your dream represents your spirituality.											sperm	Unknown	To see sperm in your dream symbolizes masculinity and fertility.											sphinx	Person	To see a sphinx in your dream signifies fear of the unknown.											spice	Food	To dream of spice suggests your need for variety in your life.											spiderman	Unknown	To see or dream that you are Spiderman indicates that you need to draw on your own inner strength and willpower in order to overcome adversity.											spider	Invertebrate	To see a spider in your dream indicates that you are feeling like an outsider in some situation.	To see a spider spinning a web in your dream signifies that you will be rewarded for your hard work.	To see spider eggs in a web suggest that you are not able to fully acknowledge your potential.	To see a spider climbing up a wall in your dream denotes that your desires will be soon be realized.	To dream that a spider is coming down on you from the ceiling indicates that you are unable to escape from some relationship.	To dream that you are bitten by a spider represents a conflict with your mother or some dominant female figure in your life.	To eat a spider or dream that a spider is in your mouth symbolizes your control over a situation.					spill	Event	To dream that you spill something represents your carelessness and inconsideration of someone's feelings.	To dream that you spill some food indicates that you need to eliminate that food from your diet.	To dream that you spill a drink at a party symbolizes your social ineptness and awkwardness in a social situation.									spin_the_bottle	Activity	To play spin the bottle in your dream suggests that you need to take a chance at love.											spinach	Substance	To see or eat spinach in your dream indicates your need to be reenergized or revitalized.											spindle	Tool	To see a spindle in your dream represents life and longevity.											spine	Body_Part	"To dream about yours or someone else's spine, represents your support system, your strength, stamina and responsibilities."											spinning	Activity	To dream that you are spinning signifies confusion.											spinning_wheel	Machine	To see a spinning wheel in your dream symbolizes creativity.											spiral	Action	To see a spiral in your dream indicates that some situation in your waking life is spinning out of control.											spire	Structure	"To see a spire in your dream represents ambition, hope, goals and success."											spirit	Unknown	To see or talk to spirits in your dream signify your fears about death.											spit	Action	To spit in your dream signifies an aspect of yourself that you need to get rid of.											splash	Action	To dream that you splash someone implies that you want to share your excitement with those around you.											splash_mountain	Unknown	To dream that you are on Splash Mountain suggests that you need to take a chance on a relationship and make that that emotional plunge.											spleen	Body_Part	To dream about your spleen suggests that you need to express your anger or sadness.											splinter	Unknown	To dream that you have a splinter suggests that you are letting petty and trivial matters upset you.											split	Action	To dream that you are doing the splits signify some struggle or division within your social circle.											spoiled	Unknown	To dream that food has spoiled indicates that you are not tending to your emotional needs.											sponge	Invertebrate	To see or use a sponge in your dream suggests that you are receptive and are able to easily absorb new knowledge and information.											spool	Tool	To see a spool in your dream symbolizes your need for order and structure.											spoon	Unknown	To see a spoon in your dream refers to a reciprocal relationship where you need to give and receive nourishment.											sport	Activity	"To dream that you are playing a sport signifies the learning of rules, recognition of your talents, and the achieving of your goals."	To dream that you are watching a sports competition represents two opposing viewpoints or conflicting opinions.	To play or watch extreme sports in your dream suggests that you may be pushing yourself too hard.									sports_car	Conveyance	To see a sports car in your dream refers to your desire to live life in the fast lane.											spot	Event	To see a spot in your dream suggests that something is bothering you.											spotlight	Tool	To dream that you are in the spotlight indicates your need to be noticed and to be the center of attention.											spray_can	Unknown	To see or use a spray can in your dream indicates that you are under some sort of pressure.											spring	Action	"To dream of the season of spring signifies hope, new beginnings and creative endeavors."	To see a water spring in your dream symbolizes your emotional energy and expressiveness.	To see a metal spring in your dream indicates that you are feeling tense.									sprinkler	Tool	"To see sprinklers in your dream indicate enlightenment, rejuvenation and cleansing."											sprinkle	Action	"To see or eat sprinkles in your dream represent joy, pleasure, satisfaction and appreciation for how your life is proceeding."											sprinkling	Action	To dream that it is sprinkling symbolizes the birth of something new.											spy	Person	To dream that you are a spy indicates your mistrust of others and your tendency to be in everyone's business and affairs.											square	Tool	"To see a square in your dream signifies strength, solidity and stability."											squash	Activity	To play squash in your dream suggests that you are trying to overcome certain obstacles in your waking life.	To see or eat squash in your dream signifies fertility and abundance.										squeegee	Tool	To see or use a squeegee in your dream means that you are seeking clarity in a situation.											squid	Invertebrate	To see a squid in your dream suggests that you are feeling subconsciously threatened.	To dream that you are eating squid indicates that you are feeling self-conscious and worrying about how others perceive you.										squirrel	Animal	To see a squirrel in your dream suggests that you are hoarding something.	"To dream that you are feeding a squirrel denotes that comfort will come about through hard work, diligence and prudence."	To see a white squirrel in your dream symbolizes perseverance.									stab	Activity	To dream that you stab someone indicates your fear of betrayal and your untrusting nature.											stable	Building	To dream that you are at a stable represents your sexuality and your ability to control your sexual urges and energies.											stadium	Structure	To see or dream that you are in a stadium represents your determination to succeed and achieve your goals.											staff	Tool	To see a staff in your dream indicates that you are looking for reassurance and support for your decisions.											stag	Animal	To see a stag in your dream symbolizes male sexuality and virility.											stage	Action	"To dream that you are on a stage represents your behavior, manipulation of and relationships with others."	To dream that you are on a side stage reflects your introverted personality.										stage_diving	Unknown	To dream that you are stage diving implies that you are taking a chance on something and putting your full trust in those around you.											stain	Event	To see a stain in your dream symbolizes a superficial and reversible mistake in your life.											stained_glass	Substance	To see stained glass in your dream signifies spiritual healing and enlightenment.											staircase	Place	To see a staircase in your dream symbolizes change and transformation.	To dream of an incomplete staircase or that there are steps missing from the staircase implies that you are trying to move on to the next phase or stage without accomplishing all the necessary steps.										stair	Tool	To dream that you are walking up a flight of stairs indicate that you are achieving a higher level of understanding.	To dream that you are walking down a flight of stairs represents your repressed thoughts.	To dream that you slip or trip on the stairs signify your lack of self confidence or conviction in the pursuit of some endeavor.	To see spiral or winding stairs signify growth and/or rebirth.								stallion	Animal	"To see a stallion in your dream symbolizes power, strength, masculinity, courage, and independence."											stampede	Event	To see a stampede in your dream signifies wild and erratic behavior.	To dream that you are in a stampede indicates that you are rushing into some decision.										stamp	Tool	To see stamps in your dream represent a need for communication.											standing	Action	To dream that you are standing suggests that you are asserting yourself and making your thoughts and feelings known.											staple	Tool	To see staples in your dream indicate that you need to organize your life and keep things in order.											starfish	Invertebrate	To see a starfish in your dream suggests a period of healing and regeneration.											star_fruit	Food	To see or eat star fruit in your dream represents the sweet taste of success.											staring	Unknown	To dream that you are staring at something or someone indicates that you need to take a much closer look at some situation or relationship.	To dream that someone is staring at you suggests that you are hoping someone would look your way more often.										star_of_david	Unknown	To see the Star Of David in your dream represents the merging power of love and creativity.											star	Person	"To see stars in your dream symbolize excellence, success, aspirations or high ideals."											starvation	Event	To dream about starvation indicates that you are lacking in some mental or emotional area of your life.											state_capital	Place	To dream about a state capital or about remembering a state capital is a pun on some money matter.											static	Event	To feel static in your dream depicts your magnetic personality and how you are able to draw things to you.	To hear static in your dream indicates that there is a lack of clarity and understanding.										station	Place	To dream that you at a station represents a transitional period in your life.											statistic	Unknown	To see statistics in your dream suggest that some decision is weighing on you.											station_wagon	Conveyance	To see or drive a station wagon in your dream refers to your family and issues surrounding your inner circle.	To dream that you are unable to roll up the windows of your station wagon represents your anxieties about being able to protect and provide for your family.										statue	Unknown	To dream that you are a statue signifies that your true self is out of touch with reality.	To see a weeping or crying statue in your dream represents some miracle.										steak	Substance	To dream that you are eating a steak represents your animal instincts.											stealing	Activity	To dream that you are stealing suggests that you are feeling deprived.	To dream that someone is stealing something from you indicates that you are experiencing an identity crisis or are suffering from some sort of loss in your life.										stealth_bomber	Conveyance	To see a stealth bomber in your dream refers to a hidden danger that is lurking over you.											steam	Substance	To see or hear steam in your dream denotes your intense emotional state regarding an issue or situation.											steam_engine	Machine	To see a steam engine in your dream indicates that you are channeling your anger into positive and productive energy.											steamroller	Conveyance	To see a steamroller in your dream indicates that there is something weighing you down.											steel	Tool	"To see steel in your dream symbolizes toughness, willpower, determination and strength."											steep	Unknown	To dream that you are going up a steep incline signifies success and significant progress toward your life goals.											steer	Animal	To see a steer in your dream refers to sexual contact or masculine energy.											steering_wheel	Tool	To see a steering wheel in your dream represents control over the direction you are taking in life.											stencil	Tool	To see or use a stencil in your dream indicates a lack of freedom in some aspect of your waking life.											stepdaughter	Person	To see your stepdaughter in your dream suggests that you are trying to establish some boundaries without stepping over anybody's toes.											stepfather	Person	To see your stepfather in your dream symbolizes authority and protection.											stepmother	Person	To see your stepmother in your dream suggests that you are trying to cope with a mothering figure in your life.											stepsister	Person	To see your stepsister in your dream usually represents your waking relationship with her.											stepping_stone	Action	To see or walk on a stepping stone in your dream suggests that you need to take things one step at a time in order to achieve your goals.											step	Action	"To see steps in your dream represent your efforts in achieving your goals, ambitions and material gains."	"To dream that you are sitting on the steps suggests that you need to pause from life's demands and reevaluate your decisions, challenges, goals, and path before continuing on."										stepson	Person	To see your stepson in your dream suggests that you are trying to establish some boundaries without stepping over anybody's toes.											stereo	Unknown	To see or listen to a stereo in your dream signifies great harmony and heightened awareness toward some situation.											steroid	Substance	To use steroids in your dream indicates that you are looking for a quick and easy way to get things done or to accomplish your goals.											stethoscope	Tool	To see or use a stethoscope in your dream suggests that you need to pay better attention to some health advice.											stew	Food	To make or eat stew in your dream signifies aspects of yourself that are being joined together as a whole.											stick	Event	To see a stick in your dream symbolizes the phallus and your attitude toward sex.											stick_figure	Unknown	To dream that you are depicted as a stick figure represents your simplistic needs and desires.											sticker	Weapon	To see stickers in your dream suggest your tendency to hold on and cling to your childhood.											stigmata	Illness	To dream that you or someone has stigmata refers to the sacrifices you made and the difficulties you endured.											stiff	Person	To dream that you are stiff suggests that there is some anxiety or tension in your waking life.											stillborn	Unknown	To dream of a stillborn denotes your lost of trust in someone or something.											stilts	Unknown	To dream that you are walking on stilts indicate that you are feeling insecure.	To dream that you fall off a pair of stilts suggest that you should not put all your trust in one person.										stingray	Fish	To see a manta ray in your dream signifies emotional freedom.											stink	Unknown	To dream that something stinks suggest that you are not being supported by your social circle or your environment.											stock_market	Place	To dream about the stock market represents the ups and downs of your life.	To dream that the stock market crashed indicates a major blow to your hopes and dreams.										stocking	Activity	To wear stockings in your dream represent your sense of understanding.	To see someone put on stockings relates to some sexual situation.										stolen	Unknown	To dream that something of yours have been stolen indicates that you are experiencing an identity crisis or are suffering from some sort of loss in your life.											stomach	Body_Part	To see your own stomach in your dream refers to the beginning of new changes in your life.	To see or touch someone's stomach in your dream indicates that this person is trying to reach out to you.	To dream that you have sticks stuck through your stomach is a pun on sticking to your guts.									stomachache	Illness	To dream that you have a stomachache indicates that you are experiencing a high level of stress.											stonehenge	Place	To see Stonehenge in your dream suggests that you are undergoing some spiritual enlightenment.											stone	Person	"To see a stone in your dream symbolizes strength, unity, and unyielding beliefs."	To dream that you are carrying a bag of stones refers to your inner strength and fortitude that you have yet to unleash and reveal to others.	To dream that you are throwing stones suggests that have a tendency to look at the faults and shortcomings of others without looking at yourself first.									stoning	Event	To dream that you are stoning someone implies your sense of superiority.											stool	Substance	To see or sit on a stool in your dream indicates that you need to take a break to decompress or reenergize.											stop_sign	Unknown	To see a stop sign in your dream suggests that you need to stop what you are doing and rethink about the situation before moving forward.	To dream that you run a stop sign indicates that you are not considering the consequences of your action.										stoplight	Unknown	To see a stoplight in your dream suggests that you feel you are being held back from pursuing your goals.	To dream that you are running a red stoplight indicates that you are doing something despite being told not to do it.										stopwatch	Tool	To see or use a stopwatch in your dream implies that you need to utilize better time management.											store	Tool	To see or be in a grocery or convenience store in your dream suggests that you are emotionally and mentally strained.											stork	Bird	"To see a stork in your dream symbolizes motherly love, faithfulness, new birth or fertility."											storm	Event	"To see a storm in your dream signifies some overwhelming struggle, shock, loss or catastrophe in your waking life."	To dream that you take cover in a storm foretells that whatever disturbance or problems is occurring in your life will quickly blow over.										story	Structure	To write a story in your dream represents your creativity and imagination.	To tell or read a story in your dream indicates that there is some life lesson or moral that you need to learn or recognize.										storyteller	Person	To see or be a storyteller in your dream suggests that you need to hold onto the past and learn from it.											stove	Tool	To see a stove in your dream symbolizes a developing awareness.											stowaway	Person	To see or dream that you are a stowaway suggests you are involved in some underhanded activity.											strainer	Tool	To see or use a strainer in your dream indicates that you are unable to keep your emotions contained.											strait_jacket	Unknown	To see or wear a strait jacket in your dream indicates that you are feeling limited or restricted in some aspect of your life.											stranded	Unknown	To dream that you are stranded represents your feelings of isolation and loneliness.											strange	Unknown	To dream that you are in a strange place represents change in your life.											stranger	Person	To see a stranger in your dream signifies a part of yourself that is repressed and hidden.	To dream that you are kissing a stranger represents acknowledgement and acceptance of the repressed aspect of yourself.	To dream that a stranger is pretending to be someone you know means that this person who you know is not who you thought they were.									straw	Place	To see or use a straw in your dream indicates that you may have been taking some things for granted.	To dream that you are buying straw suggests that you are trying to buy your way into a situation or relationship.										stray	Animal	"To see a stray animal in your dream suggests that you are feeling unwanted, lost, or out of touch with society."	To dream that you adopt or take in a stray animals indicate that you are wallowing in your loneliness.										streaking	Unknown	"To dream that you or someone is streaking refers to your fleeting desires of being wild, free and spontaneous."											stream	Action	To see a stream in your dream represents a flow of fresh and profound ideas.	To see a frozen stream in your dream indicates that your emotions are cold and hardened.										street	Place	To see a street in your dream symbolizes your life's path.											streetlight	Tool	To see a lamppost in your dream indicates that light needs to be shed on some dark situation.											street_sweeper	Person	To see or drive a street sweeper in your dream means that you need to clear up some things in your life in order to be able to move forward with your life.											strength	Unknown	To dream that you have great strength or little strength represents your level of power in some situation of your waking life.											stress	Unknown	To dream that you are under stress reflects the actual stress that you are experiencing in your waking life.											stretch_mark	Unknown	To see or dream that you have stretch marks suggest that you are overextending yourself to others and are not paying enough attention to your own needs.											stretcher	Conveyance	To dream that you are lying on a stretcher indicates your need to be rescued from some situation or relationship.	To see a stretcher in your dream suggests that there is trouble ahead for you in the near future.										stretching	Action	To dream that you are stretching suggests that you are in need of some relaxation.											strike	Action	To dream that you are going on strike suggests that you are feeling under-appreciated.											string	Musical_Instrument	"To see a string in your dream represents binding, cohesion, or joining, depending on the context of the dream."	To dream that you are tying a string indicates something you have forgotten to do.	To dream that you are untangling a string suggests that there is some issue in your waking life that you need to straighten.									string_light	Unknown	To see or hang string lights in your dream implies flexibility in how you see things.											strip_club	Unknown	To dream that you are in a strip club signifies repressed sexual thoughts or ideas that you are yearning to let out.											stripe	Unknown	To see stripes in your dream suggest that you are making a bold and daring statement.											stripper	Person	To see a stripper in your dream signifies your desires to be more sexually open.											stripper_pole	Unknown	To see a stripper pole in your dream suggests that you need to be more comfortable with your body.											stripping	Action	To dream that you are stripping indicates repression of your personal and physical desires.											strobe_light	Tool	To see a strobe light in your dream represents chaos in your waking life.											stroke	Action	To dream that you have a stroke refers to your inability to function in a certain situation of your waking life.	To see someone suffering from a stroke represents your own repressed fears.										stroller	Conveyance	To see a baby carriage in your dream symbolizes your desire for a family or longing for a baby.											strongman	Person	To see a body builder in your dream suggests that you need to develop a better sense of power or be more flexible in some situation.	To dream that you are a body builder means that you are feeling empowered.										struggle	Activity	To dream of a struggle indicates that you are experiencing some internal conflict.											stubble	Substance	To feel stubble on someone's face implies that there is a situation that you should avoid.	To dream that you have stubble means that you are ignoring or avoiding a situation.										stucco	Substance	To see of dream of stucco symbolizes your hard protective shell.											stuck	Unknown	To dream that you are stuck represents a feeling of helplessness and not being able to escape from life's problems or stresses.											student	Person	To dream that you are a student indicates that you need better understanding of something.											studying	Unknown	To dream that you are studying signifies that your intellect and knowledge will catapult you into a path of success and wealth.											stuffed_animal	Unknown	To see a stuffed animal in your dream represents an immature attitude.	To dream that a stuffed animal is choking you indicates that something that was originally emotionally comforting is now giving you much stress.	To dream that your stuffed animal is getting run over by cars implies a lost of innocence.									stumble	Event	To dream that you stumble on something indicates that something is out of order with your life.											stump	Tool	To see a tree stump in your dream indicates that something or someone is preventing your growth or forward progress.											stun_gun	Weapon	To dream that you have been hit by a stun gun suggests that you are in need of a jolt or a shot of energy in your life.											stunt	Action	To dream that you are performing a stunt indicates that you are trying too hard to get attention.											stutter	Illness	To dream that you stutter indicates your inability to make yourself heard and express yourself clearly.											styrofoam	Substance	To see Styrofoam in your dream indicates that you are undergoing some form of transition in your life.											submarine	Conveyance	To see a submarine in your dream indicates that you are cautiously exploring your emotions and subconscious feelings.											suburbia	Place	"To dream of suburbia represents potential, growth, and prosperity."											subway	Place	To dream that you are in the subway denotes that you are reaching your goal via subconscious methods.											succubus	Unknown	To see a succubus in your dream signifies subconscious sexual desires.											succulents	Unknown	To see succulents in your dream refer to your thirst for knowledge or information.											sucking	Unknown	To dream that you are sucking on something indicates that you need emotional nurturance.	"To dream that someone is sucking on you suggests that you are feeling drained, physically and/or emotionally."										suede	Substance	"To see or feel suede in your dream indicates that you have a soft, but still tough persona."											suffocating	Unknown	To dream that you are suffocating signifies that you are feeling smothered or oppressed by some situation or relationship.											sugar	Food	To see or eat sugar in your dream represents the pleasures and enjoyment that you are denying yourself in your life.	To see a sugar cube in your dream suggests that you need to lighten up and quit being so serious.										sugar_cane	Plant	"To dream that you are eating sugar cane signifies vitality, health and prestige."											suicide	Action	To dream that you commit suicide represents your desperate desire to escape from your waking life.	To see someone commit suicide in you dream highlights your concerns for that person.										suit	Event	To dream that you are wearing a suit indicates that you want to be acknowledged and recognized for your abilities and skills.											suitcase	Unknown	"To see a suitcase in your dream indicates that you are a very composed, together person."											sulfur	Substance	To see sulfur in your dream represents a higher level of reasoning.											sultan	Person	To see a sultan in your dream refers to responsibilities and expectations.	To dream that you are a sultan refers to your desires to lead.										summer	Unknown	"To dream about summer represents growth, knowledge, high productivity, tolerance and maturity."											summit	Place	To see or dream that you are on a summit symbolizes your ambitions and goals.	To dream that you are at a summit meeting refers to your worldly views and political opinions.										sumo	Activity	To see a sumo wrestler in your dream suggests that you are throwing your weight and power around.	To watch sumo wrestling in your dream indicates that you are dealing with a big problem in your waking life.										sun	Person	"To see the sun in your dream symbolizes peace of mind, enlightenment, tranquility, fortune, goodwill, and insight."	"To dream that the sun has a creepy, harsh glare represents a significant disruption or serious problem in your life."	To dream that the sun is exploding signifies a traumatic or devastating end to a situation or relationship.									sunbird	Unknown	To see a sunbird in your dream indicates that you are being underestimated because of your size or appearance.											sunburn	Illness	To dream that you have a sunburn indicates that there is an emotional situation or problem that you can no longer avoid.											sundae	Food	"To see or eat a sundae in your dream symbolizes joy, pleasure, togetherness and satisfaction with your waking life."											sunday	Person	"To dream about Sunday signifies spiritual enlightenment, relaxation and appreciation."											sundial	Tool	To see a sundial in your dream indicates that something in your waking life does not feel quite real.											sunflower	Plant	"To see a sunflower in your dream symbolizes warmth, abundance, longevity, and prosperity."											sunglasses	Tool	To dream that you are wearing sunglasses indicates your poor perception of some issue.	To see someone wear sunglasses in your dream suggests that you are having a hard time getting to know this person.										sunrise	Event	"To see the sunrise in your dream represents new beginnings, renewal of life and energy, and fulfillment of your goals and purpose."											sunroof	Unknown	To see or open a sunroof in your dream represents enlightenment.											sunscreen	Unknown	To see or apply sunscreen in your dream suggests that you are refusing to see the truth in some matter.											sunset	Event	To see the sunset in your dream indicates the end of a cycle or condition.											sunshine	Unknown	To dream of sunshine indicates that you are experiencing some sort of emotional or situational breakthrough.											suntan	Unknown	To dream that you have a suntan signifies the shadow aspect of yourself and your primal instincts and natural senses.	To dream that someone else has a suntan suggests that you are not properly acknowledging a quality or aspect of that person within your own self.										super_soaker	Unknown	To see or play with a super soaker in your dream suggests that you are directing your aggression toward one person.											superhero	Unknown	"To dream that you are a superhero represents your above-average talents, ideas, and other hidden abilities that you may not realize you possessed."	To dream that a superhero has weak powers suggests that no one is invincible; everyone has their weaknesses.										superman	Substance	To see Superman in your dream represents the heroic male figure in your life.	To dream that you are Superman suggests that you are taking on too many responsibilities.										supernova	Unknown	"To see a supernova in your dream represents something brilliant, new and great."											superpower	Unknown	To dream that you have a superpower implies that you always look at the positives of even a bad situation.											supervillain	Unknown	To see or dream that you are a supervillain indicates that you are thriving on the negative aspects of your own self.											supper	Food	To dream that you are eating dinner alone indicates that you need to do some serious thinking about your goals and directions in life.	"To dream that you are eating dinner with others signifies your acceptance or others, your interpersonal relationships, and how you behave in your social life."										the_supremes	Unknown	To see the Supremes in your dream signifies your achievements.											surfboard	Unknown	To see or ride a surfboard in your dream suggests that you are going with the flow of things.											surfing	Activity	To dream that you are surfing parallels the ups and downs of some emotional situation or relationship.											surgery	Activity	To dream that you or someone else is undergoing surgery signifies the opening of the Self and/or the need for emotional healing.											surgical_mask	Unknown	To see or wear a surgical mask in your dream indicates a fear of change.											surrender	Event	To dream that you surrender suggests that you need to rid yourself of past emotions and habit.											surrogate	Person	To dream that you or someone is a surrogate indicates that you are trying to compensate for something that is missing in your life.											surroundings	Place	To dream of various landscapes in your dream represent where you are in your life or in your relationships.											surveillance_camera	Unknown	To see or dream that you are on a surveillance camera reflects your feelings of being scrutinized.											survey	Activity	To dream that you are taking a survey suggests that you are trying to assess your abilities and evaluate a situation.											survivor	Animal	To dream that you are a survivor of some disaster or accident means that you will prevail over your current problems.											sushi	Food	To see or eat sushi in your dream indicates that you need to acknowledge your spiritual side.											suspended	Unknown	To dream that you are suspended from school indicates that you are feeling disconnected.											suspenders	Unknown	To see or wear suspenders in your dream indicates that you are doing your best to hold yourself up in some situation.											suspicious	Unknown	To dream that you are suspicious about something signifies your intuition and your insecurities about a situation or relationship.											swab	Tool	To see or use a swab in your dream represents your need for healing and/or cleansing.											swallow	Bird	To dream that you swallow something indicates that you are holding back your feelings or words.	"To see a swallow in your dream symbolizes purity, renewal, never-ending joy and fresh beginnings."										swamp	Unknown	To see a swamp in your dream symbolizes the repressed and dark aspects of yourself.	To dream that you are walking through a swampy area foretells that you will find yourself in an adverse situation.										swan	Bird	"To see a white swan in your dream symbolizes grace, purity, beauty, dignity, wealth and prestige."	To see a black swan in your dream signifies mystery and the unknown.										swap_meet	Unknown	To dream that you are at a swap meet suggests that you are feeling undervalued or under- appreciated.											swarm	Unknown	To see a swarm in your dream symbolizes some negative energy or influence in your waking life.											swastika	Unknown	"To see the swastika in your dream symbolizes hatred, evil, cruelty, and destruction."											swearing	Unknown	To dream that you are swearing suggests that you need to stop allowing others to harass you.											sweatshirt	Unknown	To see or wear a sweatshirt in your dream indicates your need to relax and escape from work or school.											sweatshop	Structure	To dream that you are in a sweatshop signifies your waking unhappiness and discontentment at work.											sweater	Person	To see or wear a sweater in your dream symbolizes warmth and love.	To dream that you are knitting a sweater symbolizes your creativity.										sweeping	Action	To dream that you are sweeping implies that you are clearing your mind of emotional and mental clutter.											sweet	Food	To taste something sweet in your dream suggests that life is going well for you.											sweet_potato	Musical_Instrument	To see or eat a sweet potato in you dream suggests that your libido is stronger than the person that you are with or vice versa.											sweetgum_tree	Unknown	"To see a sweetgum tree in your dream symbolizes fertility, abundance and longevity."											sweet	Food	"To see or eat sweets in you dream represent indulgence, sensuality, and forbidden pleasure."	To dream that you are giving sweets to a loved one refers to your desires to connect to this person in a more loving way.										swelling	Illness	To dream that you are swelling up symbolizes a growing problem or issue.											swimming	Activity	To dream that you are swimming suggests that you are exploring aspects of your subconscious mind and emotions.	To dream that you are swimming underwater suggests that you are completely submerged in your own feelings.	To dream that you are swimming away from someone or something indicates that you are avoiding some deep emotional issue.	To see children swimming in your dream indicates that you need to adapt a more carefree attitude.								swimming_gear	Unknown	"To dream that you are wearing swimming gear (swim goggles, swimming cap, swimming armbands, swim socks) implies that you are ready to confront some painful emotion."											swimming_pool	Unknown	"To see a swimming pool in your dream symbolizes relaxation, calmness, luxury and ease."	To see an empty swimming pool in your dream suggests that you are literally feeling empty and devoid of emotions.	To dream that the swimming pool is filled with trash indicates that you are leading a lifestyle of excess.	To dream of a rooftop swimming pool indicates spiritual cleansing.								swimsuit	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a swimsuit suggests that you are feeling exposed or emotionally vulnerable.											swing	Action	To dream that you are on a swing suggests that you are experiencing great satisfaction and freedom in your waking life.	To see a swing set in your dream indicates memories from childhood.										swiss	Unknown	To see or eat Swiss cheese in your dream may be a metaphor for holes or flaws in your way of thinking.											switch	Action	"To see a switch in your dream represents the status of a situation or relationship in your life, depending on whether the switch is on or off."											sword	Weapon	"To dream that you are wielding a sword represents your strength, ambition, competitive nature decisiveness and willpower."											swordfish	Fish	To see a swordfish in your dream represents your ability to cut through your emotions and break through the emotional barriers.											sycamore	Plant	To see a sycamore tree in your dream represents a person who you want to emulate.											symbol	Unknown	"To see an unknown symbol in your dream indicates your ambivalence, confusion, or ignorance in a situation."											sympathy	Unknown	To feel or be sympathetic in your dream is a dream of the contrary and means that you are lacking sympathy in your walking life.											symphony	Unknown	To dream that you are attending a symphony represents harmony and cooperation in a situation or relationship.											synthesizer	Musical_Instrument	To see or play a synthesizer in your dream signifies harmony.											syringe	Tool	"To see a syringe in your dream symbolizes health issues, illness, or drug use."											synagogue	Building	To see or dream that you are in a synagogue represents your need for spiritual nourishment and enlightenment.											syrup	Food	To see syrup in your dream symbolizes sentimentality and nostalgia.											t	Letter	To see the letter T in your dream represents your stubbornness and your refusal to change your attitudes and opinions.											table	Food	To see a table in your dream represents social unity and family connections.	To dream that you are setting the table suggests that you laying the groundwork for a plan or personal endeavor.	"To see a round table in your dream indicates evenness, sharing, cooperation, equal rights and opportunities for all."	To dream that you are lying on a table indicates your need for nourishment and relaxation.	To dream that a table is walking or moving by itself signifies that you will undergo some changes in your life which will relieve you of some dissatisfaction.							table_tenni	Unknown	To see or play table tennis in your dream suggests that you are going back and forth between two choices.											tablecloth	Unknown	To see a soiled tablecloth in your dream signifies disobedience and quarrels.											tablet	Substance	To see or take a pill in your dream signifies a restoration of your inner harmony.											tack	Action	To see tacks in your dream symbolize annoyances in your life.											taco	Food	To see or eat a taco in your dream signifies warmth and comfort.											tadpole	Animal	To see tadpoles in your dream suggest that you have not reached your full potential.											tag	Action	To dream that you are playing tag represents your level of determination and agility toward achieving your goals.											tail	Body_Part	To see only the tail of an animal in your dream signifies annoyances and complications in a situation where pleasure was expected.	To dream that you have grown a tail represents an aspect of the past that still lingers with you.										tailor	Person	To see a tailor in your dream represents your abilities and creativity.											taj_mahal	Place	To see or dream that you are at the Taj Mahal represents calmness.											takeout	Substance	To dream that you are ordering or eating takeout food implies that you are looking for some sort of emotional support.	To dream that you are dressed as a Chinese takeout container means that you are lacking some sort of social life.										talisman	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a talisman indicates that you are in need of protection.											talk_show	Event	"To watch a talk show or dream that you are on a talk show indicates that there is a topic or issue that you want to discuss, but do not know how to bring it up."											talking	Unknown	To dream that you are talking does not have any significance unless it is unusual or bizarre.											tallow	Substance	To see tallow in your dream signifies that love and wealth will quickly vanish if you are not cautious and continue to carry on your careless way.											talon	Body_Part	To see talons in your dream symbolize something that is within your grasp.											tamarind	Food	To see a tamarind tree in your dream signifies faithfulness.											tambourine	Musical_Instrument	To see or play a tambourine in your dream symbolizes the rhythm and beat of your life.											tampon	Structure	To see or wear a tampon in your dream signifies aggression.											tan	Unknown	To dream that you have a suntan signifies the shadow aspect of yourself and your primal instincts and natural senses.	To dream that someone else has a suntan suggests that you are not properly acknowledging a quality or aspect of that person within your own self.										tan_line	Unknown	To dream that you have tan lines in your dream represent the positives and negatives of a situation.											tandem	Conveyance	To dream that you are doing something in tandem with someone else symbolizes a strong and solid partnership.											tangerine	Food	To see or eat a tangerine in your dream implies that you are in need of a quick and easy boost of energy.											tango	Activity	"To dream that you are dancing the tango signifies sensuality, intensity, and drama."											tank	Structure	To see a tank filled with water in your dream signifies prosperity and satisfaction with the current state of your life.											tanker	Conveyance	"To see a tanker in your dream represents the need to defend yourself and stand up for your beliefs, even if it means being confrontational or violent."											tannery	Place	To see a tannery in your dream refers to your perseverance and thick-skinned nature.											tanning_bed	Unknown	To see or lay on a tanning bed in your dream symbolizes your vanity and your preoccupation with beauty.											tantrum	Unknown	To dream that you are throwing a tantrum implies that you are behaving immaturely in some waking situation.	To dream that someone is throwing a tantrum suggests that you are not confronting your anger.										tanzanite	Unknown	To see or wear tanzanite in your dream suggests that an important message or vision will be made known to you.											tap	Action	To see a faucet in your dream signifies control of your emotions.	To dream that you cannot turn the faucet on or that no water comes out of the faucet indicates that you need to be more careful when offering emotional support as your may be overextending yourself.	To see a leaky or dripping faucet in your dream represents sexual issues and problems.									tap_dancing	Activity	To dream that you are tap dancing indicates that you need to keep up with life or else you will be left behind.	To see someone tap dancing in your dream represents the rhythm of life.										tape	Tool	To see or use tape in your dream represents your limitations.											tape_measure	Tool	To see or use a measuring tape in your dream suggests that you are comparing yourself to others.											tape_recorder	Unknown	To see or use a tape recorder in your dream suggests that there is a message that you need to absorb and incorporate in your daily life.											tapestry	Unknown	To see tapestry in your dream represents your past and your current life experiences.	To see a torn and ragged tapestry in your dream refers to a lack resources needed to satisfy your needs and desires.										tapeworm	Invertebrate	To have or see a tapeworm in your dream forewarns of poor health.											tar	Person	To see tar in your dream signifies your dependency on something or someone.											tar_pit	Unknown	To see a tar pit in your dream indicates that your subconscious material is threatening to rise to the surface.											tarantula	Invertebrate	To see a tarantula in your dream represents your dark and sinister side.											target	Place	To dream that you are shooting at a target indicates that you have your sights clearly set on a goal.											tarot_card	Substance	To dream of a tarot reading indicates your current situation and state of mind.											tart	Substance	To see or eat a tart in your dream suggests that things are going well for you.											taser	Unknown	To dream that you have been hit by a Taser suggests that you are in need of a jolt or a shot of energy in your life.											tassels	Unknown	To see tassels in your dream signify some spiritual transition.											taste	Activity	"To taste something bad in your dream suggests that you need to reconsider some situation, relationship or decision."											tater_tot	Unknown	To see or eat tater tots in your dream implies that you are focusing too much on petty matters.											tattoo	Action	To dream that you have tattoos represent your sense of individuality and the desire to stand out in a crowd.	To dream that your significant other has a tattoo that they don't have in real life suggests that he or she is trying to express himself or herself in the relationship.	To dream that you are a tattoo artist suggests that your exotic tastes and strange experiences may turn off those around you.	To dream that you are getting a dragon tattoo on your wrist implies that you are looking for attention.								taurus	Place	"To dream that someone is a Taurus represents determination, practicality, stubbornness, perseverance and willpower."											tavern	Building	To dream that you are in a pub represents your social interactions and how you relate to others.											tax	Unknown	To dream that you are paying taxes represent the price you are paying for the way you live.	To refuse to pay taxes in your dream indicates that you are rebelling against society or the government.										taxi	Conveyance	To dream that you are hailing a cab suggests that you need to ask for help in order to be able to move forward in some waking situation.	To dream that you are in a cab indicates that you are being taken for a ride.										taxidermy	Unknown	To see taxidermy in your dream suggests that you need to give new life to some relationship or situation that you previously thought was forgotten or dead.											tea	Food	To dream that you are making or drinking tea represents satisfaction and contentment in your life.	To dream that you are reading tea leaves means that you need to look pass the superficial and get to the core of the situation.	"To attend or watch a tea ceremony in your dream signifies unity, togetherness, respect and family."									tea_bag	Food	To see a tea bag in your dream suggests that you need for more calmness in your life.											tea_house	Unknown	To dream that you are at tea house symbolizes your social life.											teacher	Person	"To see your teacher (past or present) in your dream suggests that you are seeking some advice, guidance, or knowledge."	To dream that you are a teacher indicates that you are in a position of disseminating your knowledge and wisdom to others.	To dream that you are having sex with a teacher implies that there are still things you need to learn when it comes to sex.									teacup	Unknown	To see teacups in your dream indicate that you need to be more spiritual.											teal	Bird	To see ducks in your dream represent your spiritual freedom (if flying) or the subconscious (if swimming).	To see a white duck in your dream signifies falsehood and deceit.	To see a two-headed duck in your dream suggests that you need to be more grounded.									teakettle	Tool	To see a teakettle or tea pot in your dream symbolizes the mundane aspect of your life.											team	Unknown	To dream that you are part of a team indicates the importance of working together.											tear_gas	Substance	To come in contact with tear gas in your dream suggests that you are feeling suffocated and smothered by some relationship.											tear	Action	To dream that you are in tears signify that you are undergoing a period of healing in your life.	To dream that someone is in tears indicate that you need to rethink your actions and how your behavior may be affecting those around you.										teasing	Activity	To dream that you are being teased suggests that you are behaving or acting inappropriately in some waking situation.	To dream that you are teasing another person indicates that you are having a problem accepting an aspect of your own character as represented by the person being teased.										teddy_bear	Unknown	To see or receive a teddy bear in your dream suggests a regression to an earlier state.											tooth	Action	To dream that you have rotting or decaying teeth implies that you may have said something that you shouldn't have.	To dream that your teeth is sparkling or gleaming signifies happiness and fulfilled wishes.	"To dream that you are brushing your teeth refers to your level of confidence, your struggles and your aggressiveness."	To dream that your teeth has fallen out and you try to refit them back into the mouth signifies a lack of self-confidence and embarrassment.								telegram	Unknown	To dream that you receive a telegram represents an important message from your subconscious.	To dream that you are sending a telegram indicates that you are trying to make an aspect of yourself known without being too direct about it.										telepathy	Unknown	To dream that you have telepathy signifies a personal and highly spiritual message from your subconscious.	To dream that someone has telepathy indicates fear of exposure.										telephone	Unknown	To see or hear a telephone in your dream signifies a message from your subconscious or some sort of telepathic communication.	To dream that you do not want to return a call or answer a ringing telephone indicates a lack of communication.	To dream that you are having a telephone conversation with someone you know signifies an issue that you need to confront with that person.	To dream that your telephone has been tapped indicates that aspects of your subconscious must be confronted.								telephone_book	Unknown	"To see or use a telephone book in your dream suggests that ""you need to reach out and touch someone""."											telephone_booth	Structure	To see or dream that you are inside a telephone booth refers to a message or advice that comes with a price.											telephone_charger	Unknown	To see or use a telephone charger in your dream suggests that you are feeling drained or empty.											telephone_number	Unknown	To dream that you are giving someone your telephone number means that you need to take the initiative and reach out to others.											telephone_pole	Tool	To see a telephone pole in your dream symbolizes some spiritual communication.											teleprompter	Tool	To dream that you are reading from a teleprompter implies that you are not saying what you really feel.											telescope	Tool	To see a telescope in your dream suggests that you need to take a closer look at some situation.	To dream that you are looking through a telescope at the stars and planets signifies pleasurable but costly journeys.										television	Unknown	To dream that you are watching television represents your mind and its flowing thoughts.	To dream that the television is broken or that the picture is fuzzy suggests that you are looking at a problem all wrong.										temperature	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is taking your temperature suggests that you need to keep your temper in check.											tempest	Unknown	To dream that you are caught in a tempest indicates a violent emotional outbreak.											temple	Building	"To see a temple in your dream represents inspiration, spiritual thinking, meditation and growth."											temptation	Action	To dream of a temptation represents a conflict between your Self and your desires and between instant gratification and long term goals.											ten_commandment	Unknown	To dream of the ten commandments suggest that you will be rewarded if you behave and follow the rules.											tenant	Person	To dream that you are a tenant indicates a lack of responsibility for the way you are living.	To dream that you have a tenant suggests that you are ready for a committed relationship.										tenni	Unknown	To dream that you are playing tennis represents changes or challenges in your life.											tennis_court	Place	To see a tennis court in your dream implies that you need to choose a side in some challenge or argument.											tent	Structure	To dream that you are in a tent indicates that you need a temporary change to your daily routine.											tent_pegging	Unknown	To dream that you are tent pegging represents the small accomplishments you make along the way toward a bigger goal.											tentacle	Body_Part	To see tentacles in your dream symbolize unknown danger lurking from the depths of your subconscious.											tequila	Food	To dream that you are drinking tequila represents your relaxed state of mind.											terminal	Unknown	To dream that you are at the terminal represents relationships and situations that you are leaving behind.											terrarium	Unknown	To see a terrarium in your dream indicates that you are keeping aspects of yourself a secret and protecting yourself from others.											terror	Person	To dream that you are in terror indicates unresolved fears or doubts that needs to be confronted.											terrorist	Person	To see or dream that you are a terrorist suggests that your frustrations is giving way to your violent tendencies.											test	Activity	To dream that you are taking a test indicates that you are being put to the test or being scrutinized in some way.											test_tube	Place	To see or use a test tube in your dream refers to your reaction to some situation.											testicle	Body_Part	"To see testicles in your dream symbolize raw energy, power, fertility or sexual drive."											tetherball	Activity	To dream that you are playing tetherball implies that you are on a set path and are unable to veer off course.											tetris	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is playing Tetris indicates that you are juggling various responsibilities in your life.											text_message	Unknown	To dream that you are sending or receiving a text message represents your connection to others and your network of friendships.											textbook	Unknown	To see textbooks in your dream indicate that you still have a lot of learning to do and knowledge to gain.											texture	Unknown	To notice textures in your dream is indicative of the degree of difficulty you are experiencing in some waking situation.											thanksgiving	Event	"To dream about Thanksgiving represents togetherness, family reunions, festivities, and your sense of community."											theater	Building	To dream that you are in a theater signifies your social life.	To dream that you are laughing and/or applauding in a theater indicates that you are choosing pleasure and instant gratification over working on future goals.	To dream that the theater is on fire signifies risky new projects that you are tying to undertake.									theme_park	Place	To see or be in an amusement park in your dream indicates that you need to set some time for more relaxation and enjoyment in your life.	To dream that the amusement park is empty or abandoned suggests that you need to open yourself to more fun and adventure.	To dream that the rides at the amusement park are breaking down means that something in your life is not going as expected.	To dream that the amusement park is closed suggests that you are denying yourself your time for fun and leisure.								therapist	Person	To see a therapist in your dream signifies wisdom from your subconscious.											thermometer	Tool	"To see or read a thermometer in your dream represents your emotions, whether you are frigid, emotionally cold, warm, or hot."											thermos	Unknown	To see or use a thermos in your dream suggests that you are trying to keep a certain feeling or hope alive.											thermostat	Tool	To see or adjust the thermostat in your dream represents control over your emotions.											thief	Person	To dream that you are a thief suggests that you are afraid of losing what you have.											thigh	Body_Part	To see your thigh in your dream symbolizes stamina and endurance.											thimble	Unknown	To use a thimble in your dream indicates that you need to tend to the needs of others instead of pursuing your own self-pleasures.											thin	Unknown	To dream that something or someone is thin represents a lacking strength and integrity.											thirst	Unknown	To quench your thirst in your dream indicates that you have the ability to succeed and fulfill your desires.											thistle	Plant	To see thistle in your dream represents your need to feel protected.											thong	Tool	To see or wear a thong in your dream represents satisfaction with your body image and your sexuality.											thorn	Body_Part	To see thorns in your dream suggest that there is a prickly situation that you need to overcome.											thread	Tool	To see thread in your dream symbolizes your life path and destiny.											threaten	Unknown	To dream that you threaten someone suggests that you need to assert and stand up for yourself in your waking life.											threesome	Unknown	To dream that you are involved in a threesome indicates that there is a missing component in your sex life.											threshing	Activity	To dream that you are threshing grain signifies satisfaction in your professional and personal relationships.											threshold	Tool	"To dream that you are crossing or being carried over or a threshold symbolizes a new relationship, fresh beginnings or possible marriage."											thrift_shop	Unknown	To dream that you are at a thrift shop suggests that there are things from your past experiences that you can still learn from.											throat	Place	To see your throat in your dream symbolizes the ability to express yourself and communicate your thoughts and ideas.	To dream that you have a sore throat or have throat problems suggest that you are having problems saying what you really think.										throne	Place	"To dream that you are sitting on a throne symbolizes power, leadership and authority."	To see an empty throne in your dream signifies your unwillingness to accept some responsibilities.										throw	Action	To dream that someone is throwing something at you implies that there is something that you have overlooked and need to pay closer attention.											thumb	Body_Part	To see a thumb in your dream indicates that you need to get a grip on things.	To dream that you have an abnormally large thumb signifies a rapid rise to success.	To dream that your thumb has a very long nail signifies that some negative force is luring you toward some illicit activity.									thumbtack	Tool	To see a thumbtack in your dream symbolizes issues or responsibilities at work.											thumb_wrestling	Unknown	To dream that you are thumb wrestling suggests that you are trying to assert your power in a non-threatening manner.											thunder	Substance	To hear thunder in your dream signifies a violent eruption of anger and aggression.											thunderbird	Unknown	To see a thunderbird in your dream suggests that you cannot go against what is natural.											thursday	Unknown	To dream that it is Thursday means that you need to listen up.											thyme	Food	To see thyme in your dream indicates that you need to muster up more courage.											tiara	Unknown	To see or wear a tiara in your dream symbolizes feminine power and mystique.											tic_tac_toe	Unknown	To dream that you are playing tic tac toe represents your strategy for success.											ticket	Unknown	To see a ticket in your dream represents the price you need to pay to attain your goals.	To dream that you lose a ticket denotes confusion and ambiguity in the direction of your life.										tidal_wave	Event	To see a tidal wave in your dream represents an overwhelming emotional issue that demands your attention.	To dream that you can create a tidal wave with your mind is analogous to your ability to control your emotions and keep them in line.										tide	Event	To see or hear the tides in your dream represents a need for emotional and spiritual cleansing.											tie	Tool	To see or wear a tie in your dream represents your obligations and relational bonds.											tie_dye	Unknown	To see or wear a tie dye in your dream suggests that you are feeling upbeat and groovy.											tiger	Animal	To see a tiger in your dream represents power and your ability to exert it in various situations.	To dream that you are attacked by a tiger refers to the emotions that you have repressed because you were afraid of confronting them.	To see a caged tiger in your dream suggests that your repressed feelings are on the verge of surfacing.	To see rugs made of tiger skins symbolize a life of luxury and ease.								tiger's_eye	Unknown	To see or wear tiger's eye in your dream signifies insight and meditative thought.											tightrope	Unknown	To dream that you are walking on a tightrope indicates that you are in a very precarious situation.											tight	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing tights suggest that you are feeling at ease in exposing aspects of your Self.											tiki	Unknown	To see a Tiki in your dream symbolizes spirituality and vitality.											tile	Unknown	To dream that you are laying tile or tiling something indicates that you need to remodel and change an aspect of yourself.											timber	Tool	"To see timber in your dream symbolizes prosperity, strength, durability and creativity."											time	Event	To dream about time indicates your fears of not being able to cope with the pressures and stresses of everyday life.	"To dream that you do not have enough time signifies stress, anxiety and fear."										time_capsule	Unknown	To see or put something in a time capsule suggests that some current knowledge or information will help you or someone in the future.	To dream that you are digging up a time capsule refers to the exploration of your subconscious.										time_travel	Unknown	To dream about time travel indicates your wish to escape from your present reality.											timer	Tool	To see or use a timer in your dream means that you are under a time crunch.											tin	Substance	To see tin in your dream represents mental and intellectual expansion.											tingling	Unknown	To feel a tingling sensation in your dream may actually be your arm or leg losing blood flow.											tinsel	Unknown	"To see tinsel in your dream indicates festivities, togetherness and joy."											tipsy	Unknown	To dream that you are tipsy signifies your carefree nature and jovial disposition.	To see someone tipsy in your dream denotes that you need to be careful with who you associate yourself with.										tired	Unknown	To dream that you are tired suggests that you are feeling emotionally drained and stressed.											tire	Unknown	To see tires in your dream suggest that you are dwelling too much in the past and need to move on toward the future.											tissue	Body_Part	To see or use tissue in your dream indicates that it is time to let go of the past and move on.											titanic	Unknown	To see the Titanic in your dream suggests that you are in conflict with your subconscious.											titan	Person	To see titans in your dreams indicate that you have the power to make things happen.											toast	Substance	To see or eat toast in your dream signifies your appreciation for the simple things in life.	To make a toast in your dream suggests that you need to look at the brighter side of things.										toaster	Person	To see a toaster in your dream suggests that you are quick witted and quick-thinking.											tobacco	Substance	To dream that you are smoking tobacco and you do not smoke in waking life suggests that you are trying to escape life's problems.	To dream that tobacco is stuck in your teeth or mouth implies you are holding back some negative feelings or comments.										tocsin	Tool	To hear a tocsin being sounded in your dream indicates that you will win over an argument.											toddler	Person	To dream that you are a toddler implies that you are developing a new sense of Self.											toddy	Food	To see a toddy in your dream signifies that a recent turn of events will soon change your way of life.											toe	Body_Part	"To see your toes in your dream represent the way you move and walk through life, either with grace and poise, or the lack of."											toenail	Body_Part	To dream that your toenail falls off suggests that you are overlooking a small but important issue.											tofu	Food	To see or eat tofu in your dream presents your versatility and adaptability to almost any situation.											toga	Unknown	"To see or wear a toga in your dream signifies serenity, peace, love and fate."											toga_party	Unknown	To dream that you are at a toga party represents your overindulgences and excesses.											toilet	Activity	To see a toilet in your dream symbolizes a release of emotions.	To see a clogged toilet in your dream suggests that you are holding and keeping your feelings to yourself.	To see an overflowing or flooded toilet in your dream denotes your desires to fully express your emotions.									toilet_paper	Substance	To see or use a roll of toilet paper in your dream represents the aftermath of some emotional release.											toilet_seat	Unknown	To dream that the toilet seat is broken or missing suggests that you are emotionally distant.	To dream that the toilet seat is up implies that you are opening up your emotions to others.	To dream that the toilet seat is down indicates that you are guarded when it comes to expressing your emotions.									toilet_seat_cover	Unknown	To see or use a toilet seat cover in your dream means that you are not ready to address your emotions directly.											token	Tool	To see or use a token in your dream symbolizes your limited resources.											toll_booth	Unknown	To dream that you see or pass a toll booth refers to a sense of entitlement that you have over some area of your life.											toll_road	Unknown	To dream that you are on a toll road signifies the price you have to pay in order to get ahead in life.											tom_cruise	Unknown	To dream about Tom Cruise suggests that you have gone off the deep end in some aspect of your life.											tomato	Substance	To dream that you are eating tomatoes foretells of good health.											tomb	Place	To dream that you see your own tomb indicates that you are about to venture into parts of your personality which have been forgotten or have thought to be dead.	To dream that you are trapped in a tomb suggests that you are still being held back by past pain and old fears.										tombstone	Structure	To see your tombstone in your dream indicates a major change occurring in some aspect of your life.											tong	Unknown	To see or use a pair of tongs in your dream suggest that you need to keep your distance from some matter or situation.											tongue	Tool	To see your own tongue in your dream represents the things you say and express.	To dream that your tongue is hairy or that there is hair on your tongue indicates that you are regretting what you said.	"To dream that you rip someone else's tongue out indicates that you are extremely upset with something that this person has said, but you are not able to appropriately express your anger."	To dream that someone is sticking out their tongue at you refers to some sexual connotation.	To dream that you have a forked tongue means that you are lying about something or that you are being a hypocrite.							tongue_depressor	Tool	To see or use a tongue depressor in your dream suggests that you are not expressing yourself effectively.											tonsils	Unknown	To see your tonsils in your dream suggest that you are ready to share an aspect of yourself.											tool_belt	Unknown	To see or wear a tool belt in your dream implies that you need to rethink the choices that you are making in you life.											toolbox	Unknown	To see or carry a toolbox in your dream refers to a situation that is in need of repair or attention.											tool	Action	"To see or use tools in your dream represent your self-expression, skills and abilities."											tooth_fairy	Unknown	To see a tooth fairy in your dream indicates that you will be rewarded or recognized for your current hardships and difficulties.											toothbrush	Tool	To see or use a toothbrush in your dream suggests that you are feeling defensive about any criticism directed towards you.											toothless	Unknown	To dream that you are toothless signifies your inability to reach your goals and advance toward your interests.	To dream that someone is toothless indicates that your rivals are attempting to bring down your good name.										toothpaste	Substance	To see or use a toothpaste in your dream suggests that you need to clean your mouth.											toothpick	Tool	To see a toothpick in your dream suggests that you are too picky.	To dream that you are using a toothpick indicates that you are unable to verbalize some emotion or feeling.										top	Structure	To see or spin a top in your dream represents idleness.	"To dream that you are on top signifies your goals, aspirations and ideals."										top_hat	Unknown	"To see or wear a top hat in your dream signifies male elegance, formality and/or a flamboyant flair."											topaz	Substance	"To see a topaz in your dream signifies calmness, warmth and relaxation."											topless	Unknown	To dream that you are topless signifies your way of showing and exhibiting love.											toque	Unknown	To see or wear a toque in your dream refers to your confidence in your abilities.											torch	Tool	"To see a torch in your dream represents self confidence, ability to succeed, enlightenment and spiritual confidence."	To dream that you are carrying a lit torch symbolizes love.										tornado	Substance	To see a tornado in your dream suggests that you are experiencing some extreme emotional outbursts and temper tantrums.	To dream that you are in a tornado means that you are feeling overwhelmed and out of control.										torpedo	Fish	To see a torpedo in your dream suggests that you need to be more direct and honest with your feelings.											torrent	Event	To see a torrent in your dream signifies unexpected trouble.											torso	Body_Part	To notice yours or someone else's torso in your dream is an emphasis on your feeling.											tortilla	Substance	To see or eat a tortilla in your dream represents wholeness.											tortoise	Animal	"To see a tortoise in your dream symbolizes perseverance, determination, and longevity."											totem_pole	Structure	To see a totem pole in your dream represents your need to feel protected.											toucan	Bird	"To see a toucan in your dream denotes paradise, relaxation and ease."											touching	Action	To dream that you are touching someone or something indicates that you are trying to communicate your feelings and your need for contact.											touchscreen	Tool	To see or use a touchscreen in your dream implies that you need to take a more active or more hands-on approach in order to move forward in some endeavor.											tour	Action	To dream that you are on a travel tour indicates that you are ready to explore hidden and unknown aspects of yourself.	To dream that you are a concert tour represents your aspirations for fame.										tourist	Person	To see a tourist in your dream indicates how you are in a position to provide help to others.	To dream that you are a tourist suggests that you are unsure of your surroundings and environment.										tourmaline	Substance	"To see or wear tourmaline in your dream symbolizes healing, potential, and purity."											tourniquet	Unknown	To dream that you are using a tourniquet indicates that you are feeling drained.											tow_truck	Conveyance	To see a tow truck in your dream represents your burdens and responsibilities.	To dream that you are driving a tow truck means that you feel others are overly dependent on you.										towel	Unknown	To see or use a towel in your dream suggests that you need to deal with your emotions in order to move forward in your life.											tower	Structure	To see a tower in your dream signifies high hopes and aspirations.	To see a water tower in your dream suggests that you are keeping your emotions inside.	To dream that you are climbing a tower denotes your quest for spirituality and subconscious ideas that may be surfacing.	To dream that a tower is falling or crumbling heralds a drastic change ahead.								tower_crane	Unknown	To see a tower crane in your dream represents your ability to balance your goals and your family life.											town	Place	To see a busy town in your dream signifies warmth and compassion.	To see an abandoned or empty town in your dream suggests that you are feeling rejected by society.										toy_box	Unknown	To see a toy box in your dream indicates that you are putting your childish ways behind you.											toy	Animal	"To see or play with toys in your dream symbolize childhood, domestic joy and harmony."	To dream that you are giving away toys denote that you are being acknowledged for your good deeds.	To see or play with broken toys in your dream suggest that you are trying to make the best out of a negative situation.									tracheotomy	Activity	To see or dream that you have a tracheotomy implies that you are looking for an outlet to relieve some of your pent up tension and anxiety.											track	Activity	To dream that you are tracking something or someone suggests that you need to get in touch with some aspect of yourself.	To dream that you are running around a track implies that you are going in circles.										tractor	Conveyance	To see or ride a tractor in your dream represents your resourcefulness and ingenuity.											traffic	Action	To dream that you are in traffic signifies the frustrations that you are experiencing in your life.	To see traffic in your dream indicates the hustle and bustle of everyday life.	To dream that you are directing traffic implies that you have power and control over the path or destinations of others.									traffic_light	Unknown	To see a traffic light in your dream suggests that you feel you are being held back from pursuing your goals.											tragedy	Event	To dream of a tragedy indicates that you are experiencing some form of grief or remorse.											trail	Place	To dream that you are on a trail signifies your progress in life.											trailer	Conveyance	To see a trailer in your dream suggests that you are feeling overburdened.											trailer_home	Unknown	To dream that you live in a trailer home suggests that you are feeling insignificant and undervalued.											train	Tool	To see a train in your dream represents conformity.	To dream that you are on a train symbolizes your life's journey.	To see or dream that you are in a train wreck suggests chaos.	To dream that someone is hit by a train implies that they are on the wrong path in life.	To dream that you miss a train denotes missed opportunities.	To dream about the train on a dress signifies your legacy and what you want to be remembered for.						train_station	Unknown	To dream that you at a train station represents a transitional period in your life.											trainer	Machine	To see or dream that you have a personal trainer suggests that you need to push yourself to do better in all that you do.	To see or dream that you are a dog trainer indicates that you need to keep your negative behavior in check.										training	Activity	To dream that you are training for something suggests that you are lacking self-confidence and are having anxieties about your ability.											traitor	Person	To dream that you are or accused of being a traitor signifies self guilt.	To see a traitor in your dream suggests that you are feeling let down.										tram	Conveyance	To see a tram in your dream suggests that you need to be more disciplined in certain aspects of your life.											tramp	Action	To dream that you are a tramp indicates that you are not owning up to your responsibilities.	To offer help or assistance to a tramp suggests that you are ready to accept life's responsibilities.										trampoline	Unknown	To dream that you are jumping on a trampoline represents your resilience and your ability to bounce back from difficult and emotional situations.	To see a trampoline in your dream symbolizes the ups and downs of life.										trance	Unknown	To dream that you are in a trance suggests that you need to look within yourself in order to acknowledge a higher insight.											tranquilizer	Substance	"To take a tranquilizer in your dream implies that you are avoiding some issue, responsibility or situation that is causing you emotional distress."											transfiguration	Action	To dream of transfiguration represents an elevated sense of awareness or sudden clarity.											transformation	Action	To dream that you are undergoing a transformation indicates a need for change or a deviation from your normal routine.											transfusion	Action	To dream that you have a blood transfusion indicates that you need to be revitalized and reenergized.											transmission	Action	To dream that you are repairing a transmission suggests that you need to better pace yourself and learn to adjust to your surroundings and situations.											transmission_tower	Unknown	To see a transmission tower in your dream symbolizes a distribution of power.											transparent	Unknown	To dream that something is transparent indicates feelings of vulnerability.											transplant	Action	To dream that you have an organ transplant suggest that an aspect of yourself is worn out.											transsexual	Person	To dream that you are transsexual symbolizes your anxieties or ambivalence about masculine/feminine roles or passive/aggressive behavior.	To see a transsexual in your dream indicates that the feminine and masculine aspects of your Self have been damaged.										trap	Activity	"To dream that you are setting a trap indicates that you are trying desperately to hold onto a relationship, to some old habits or to your former ways."	"To dream that you are trapped or caught in a trap suggests that you are feeling confined and restricted in your job, career, health, or a personal relationship."										trapdoor	Unknown	To find or see a trapdoor in your dream represents unexpected opportunities that will come your way.											trapeze	Tool	To see a trapeze act in your dream signifies a carefree attitude toward life.	To dream that you are swinging on a trapeze indicates a desire or wish for sexual variety and adventure.										trash	Substance	To dream that you are throwing away garbage suggests that you are kicking your old negative habits and throwing away your bad characteristics and unwanted traits.	To see piles of garbage in your dream represent rejected or unwanted aspects of yourself.	To find something valuable in the garbage suggests that you can find value in the least expected of places.									trash_compactor	Unknown	To see or use a trash compactor suggest that you are in denial about some issue or problem.											traveling	Action	To dream that you are traveling represents the path toward your life goals.	To dream that you are traveling in a car filled with people signifies new friends and exciting adventures.										tray	Unknown	To see a tray in your dream indicates your senseless spending.	To dream that food is served to you on a tray represents your need to be nurtured and cared for.	To drop a tray in your dream indicates disappointments.									treadmill	Activity	To dream that you are on a treadmill indicates that you are stuck in the same old routine.											treason	Activity	To dream that you commit treason indicates conflict between yourself and the society you live in.											treasure_chest	Unknown	To see a treasure chest in your dream represents your hidden talents.	To dream that you are looking inside the treasure chest suggests that you are trying to recapture something valuable from your past.										treasure	Unknown	To dream that you find treasures indicate that you have unveiled some hidden skill or talent.											tree	Person	"To see lush green trees in your dream symbolize new hopes, growth, desires, knowledge, and life."	To see bare trees in your dream indicate used up energy.										tree_house	Unknown	To see or dream that you are in a tree house indicates that you are trying to escape from your waking problems.	To dream that you are building a tree house suggests that you are working hard to realize your hopes and goals.										trellis	Structure	To see a plant trellis in your dream symbolizes your support system.											trench	Unknown	To see trenches in your dream indicate that you are putting up some form of defense.											trial	Activity	To dream that you are on trial indicates that you need to be more accepting of yourself and less judgmental of others.											triangle	Musical_Instrument	"To see a triangle in your dream symbolizes your aspirations, potential and truth."											tribe	Unknown	"To see a tribe in your dream suggests that you are being confronted by some unknown people, situation or idea which you are afraid of."											trick	Activity	To play a trick on someone in your dream indicates that you are not being honest with yourself.											trick_or_treating	Unknown	To dream that you are trick or treating represents the rewards you get when you set your mind to pursue your goals.											trickster	Person	To see a trickster in your dream signifies deceit.											tricycle	Conveyance	To see a tricycle in your dream symbolizes simplicity and a carefree nature.											trident	Weapon	To see or use a trident in your dream symbolizes the God of the Sea.											trifle	Food	To see or eat a trifle in your dream symbolizes the various layers and multiple dimensions that make up your life.											trimming	Action	To dream that you are trimming something represents growth.											trip	Event	To dream that you trip on something indicates that something is out of order in your life.	To dream that you are going on a trip suggests that you are in need of a change of scenery.	To dream that you are on a business trip suggests that you are having a difficult time trying to relax and being at ease.									tripe	Substance	To dream that you are eating tripe foretells that you will experience disappointments in some important matter.											triplets	Unknown	"To see triplets in your dream suggest that you need to consider the physical, the emotional and the spiritual aspects of a situation or decision."											tripod	Tool	To see a tripod in your dream represents stability and swiftness.											triquetra	Unknown	"To see a triquetra in your dream refers to a trilogy, as in the past, present, and future or father, mother, and child or body, mind, and soul, etc."											troll	Activity	To see a troll in your dream suggests that you have an inferior self-image about yourself.											trolley	Conveyance	To see or ride a trolley in your dream indicates that you are open-minded about the new journey or phase in your life.											trombone	Musical_Instrument	To see or play a trombone in your dream represents success in love.											trophy	Unknown	To see a trophy in your dream symbolizes recognition for your hard work.											trough	Place	To see or drink from a trough in your dream represents some emotional or sexual issue that must be confronted.											trouser	Unknown	To see trousers in your dream signify temptation or sexual allure.	To dream that you put on your trousers the wrong way signify your gravitation for oddness and peculiarity.										trout	Fish	To see a trout in your dream symbolizes increase prosperity and fortune.	To dream that you are eating trout signifies your cheerful attitude towards life.	To dream that you catch a trout represents joy and pleasure.	To dream that a trout swallowed your lip balm implies that you are trying to take back something you said.								trowel	Tool	To see a trowel in your dream refers to the spreading of kindness and affection.											truck	Conveyance	To see a truck in your dream suggests that you are overworked.	To see a truck crash in your dream implies that you are feeling overloaded and are in danger or burring yourself out if you don't slow down.										truck_stop	Unknown	To dream that you are at a truck stop suggests that you need to reenergize and recharge yourself.											truffle	Food	To eat a truffle in your dream suggests that you need to allow yourself to be a little self-indulgent sometimes.											trumpet	Musical_Instrument	To see or hear a trumpet in your dream signifies some sort of warning or danger that you have found yourself in.											trunk	Body_Part	"To see a trunk in your dream represents old memories, ideals, hopes, and old emotions."	To see the trunk of a car in your dream signifies the things that you are carrying around with you.	"To see the trunk of a tree in your dream signifies your personality, your character, and your inner sense of well being."									trust	Unknown	To dream about trust symbolizes self-acceptance.											truth_or_dare	Unknown	To dream that you are playing truth or dare indicates that you need to hold true to your words and do what you say you are going to do.											tsunami	Event	To see a tsunami in your dream means that you are being overwhelmed by some repressed feeling or subconscious material that is rising up to the surface.											tuba	Musical_Instrument	To see or play a tuba in your dream indicates that there is an important message that you need to convey.											tubing	Place	To dream that you are tubing suggests that you are on experiencing emotional ups and downs.											tug_of_war	Unknown	To dream that you are playing tug of war suggests that you need to balance various aspects of your personality.											tugboat	Conveyance	"To see a tugboat in your dream indicates that you take pride in your work, even if it is menial or minor work."											tulip	Plant	To see tulips in your dream indicate fresh new beginnings.											tumbleweed	Plant	To see a tumbleweed in your dream refers to your feelings of loneliness and emptiness.											tumbling	Activity	To see or dream that you are tumbling represents your ability to balance aspects of your life.											tumor	Illness	To dream that you or someone has a tumor suggests that some repressed memory or feeling remains unsettled and is threatening to emerge into your consciousness.											tuna	Fish	To see tuna in your dream symbolizes stamina and agility.											tuning_fork	Tool	"To see or use a tuning fork in your dream suggests that you are ""in tune"" with your conscious or your instinct."											tunnel	Place	"To see a tunnel in your dream represents the vagina, womb, and birth."	To dream that you are going through a tunnel suggests that you are exploring aspects of your subconscious.	To see the light at the end of a tunnel symbolizes hope.									tupperware	Unknown	To see Tupperware in your dream represents feelings or issues from the past that you are still holding on to.											turban	Unknown	To see or dream that you are wearing a turban suggests that you are feeling confined by what society considers normal.											turf	Place	To see green turf in your dream symbolizes happy times.											turkey	Bird	To see a turkey in your dream indicates that you are being foolish.	To see a sick or dead turkey in your dream denotes an attack to your pride.	To see a flying turkey in your dream foretells of a rapid rise from obscurity to a position of prominence.									turmeric	Food	To see or taste turmeric in your dream symbolizes passion and zest for life.											turn_signal_light	Unknown	To see or use the turn signal light in your dream means that you are looking for validation or approval.											turnstile	Structure	To see or walk through a turnstile in your dream indicates that you are entering a new phase or transition in your life.											turquoise	Substance	"To see turquoise in your dream symbolizes luck, success and fortune."											turtle	Animal	"To see a turtle in your dream symbolizes wisdom, faithfulness, longevity, and loyalty."	"To dream that you are being chased by a turtle indicates that you are hiding behind a facade, instead of confronting the things that are bothering you."										tusk	Body_Part	To see an elephant tusk in your dream symbolizes sexual desires.											tutor	Person	To dream that you are a tutor suggests that you need to share and impart your knowledge on others.	To see or have a tutor in your dream indicates that you are seeking some personal advice or guidance.										tutu	Person	To see or wear a tutu in your dream symbolizes your femininity or issues with your feminine side.											tuxedo	Unknown	"To see or wear a tuxedo in your dream represents culture, sophistication, and/or grace."											tweezers	Unknown	To see tweezers in your dream indicate that you need to look at a situation much more closely.											twig	Unknown	To see twigs in your dream represent small or minor growth that is occurring in your life.											twilight	Unknown	"To see the twilight in your dream refers to some old habit, condition, or situation."											twine	Unknown	To see twine in your dream represents your connection and attachment to others.											twin	Person	"To see twins in your dream signify ambivalence, dualities or opposites."	To see twins fighting in your dream represent a conflict between the opposites of your psyche.	To dream that you are giving birth to twins implies that your creative mind is clashing with your personal beliefs.									twisty_tie	Unknown	To see or use a twisty tie in your dream suggests that you need to put closure on a relationship or situation.											twitch	Illness	To feel a sudden jerk or twitch in your dream may be an actual physical contraction of your muscles usually occurring just as you are fall asleep.											twitter	Event	To twitter in your dream represents your desires to stay connected with others.											typewriter	Machine	To see a typewriter in your dream indicates that you need to open the lines of communication with someone in your life.											typing	Unknown	To dream that you are typing symbolizes your communication skills.											typhoid	Illness	To dream that you have typhoid signifies that you need to be cautious of your surroundings and be on alert for rivals meant to do you harm.											typhoon	Unknown	To see a typhoon in your dream indicates sudden unexpected changes occurring in your life.	To dream that you are swept up in a typhoon suggests that both your mental and emotional forces are building up inside and making themselves known.										tyrannosaurus_rex	Animal	To see tyrannosaurus rex in your dream symbolizes your biggest fears.											u-turn	Action	To make a u-turn in your dream indicates that you are altering the course of your life.	To see a no u-turn sign in your dream suggests that you cannot take back what has already been done.										ufo	Unknown	To see an UFO in your dream signifies your desires to find your spiritual purpose in life.											ugly	Unknown	To dream you or someone is ugly signifies aspects of yourself that disgusts and repulses you.											ukulele	Musical_Instrument	To see or play a ukulele in your dream refers to your carefree and laid back attitude.											ulcer	Illness	To dream that you have an ulcer indicates some emotional difficulty that can only be overcome through some pain.											ultrasound	Activity	To dream that you are getting an ultrasound signifies a new and developing phase in your life.											umbilical_cord	Body_Part	To see an umbilical cord in your dream represents your lack of individuality.	To dream that you are cutting an umbilical cord indicates that you need to be self-sufficient and stand on your own two feet.										umbrella	Action	To see an umbrella in your dream symbolizes emotional security.	"To dream that you cannot open you umbrella and it is raining, then it suggests that you are open to confronting your own feelings and letting your emotions come to the surface."										umpire	Person	To see an umpire in your dream suggests that you are playing unfairly in some waking situation.											uncle	Person	To see your uncle in your dream represents some aspect of your family heritage and trait.	To dream that you dead uncle calls to tell you that he is digging graves indicates that your subconscious is telling you about some hidden truth or family secret that needs to be uncovered.										unauthorized	Unknown	To dream about something unauthorized means that you have copied contents of this dream dictionary without permission from dee-em.											unconscious	Unknown	To dream that you are unconscious indicates your helplessness and inability to function in some given situation.											undead	Unknown	To see the undead in your dream represents your fears and the rejected aspects of yourself.	To dream that you are undead represents your inability to express yourself.										underarm	Unknown	To see/notice your or someone else's armpit in your dream represents your social connections and your relationships to others.	To smell your armpit in your dream indicates that you are making some character adjustments in order to smooth over a situation or relationship.										undercover	Unknown	To dream that you are undercover indicates that you are hiding your true feelings or true nature.											underground	Unknown	To dream of going or living underground indicates that you are trying to force certain thoughts and issues into your subconscious mind.	To dream that you are riding in an underground railway signifies anxiety and distress arising from a peculiar situation.										understudy	Person	To dream that you are an understudy represents your ambition.											undertaker	Person	To see an undertaker or dream that you are one represents your need to take charge of your life and the responsibilities that come with it.											undertow	Event	To dream that you are caught in an undertow implies that your emotions are overwhelming you at the moment.											underwater	Unknown	To dream that you are underwater suggests that you are being overcome with emotions and are in over your head regarding some situation.	To dream that you are breathing underwater represents a retreat back into the womb.	To dream of an underwater city represents your subconscious.	To see objects underwater in your dream symbolizes your suppressed feelings as represented by the objects.								underwear	Unknown	To dream that you are in your underwear signifies a situation that has created a loss of respect for you.	To dream that you are not wearing any underwear signifies fear that your secrets will be revealed.	To dream that someone is in their underwear signifies an embarrassing and inexplicable situation.	To see dirty or torn underwear suggests that you are not comfortable in your own skin and have feelings of inadequacy.								unemployed	Unknown	To dream that you are unemployed represents your lack of self-worth or lack of inspiration.											unfaithful	Unknown	"To dream that you are cheating on your spouse mate, fiance, or significant other suggests feelings of self-guilt and self-betrayal."	"To dream that your mate, spouse, or significant other is cheating on you indicates your fears of being abandoned."	To dream that you are cheating at a game suggests that you are not being honest with yourself.									unfortunate	Person	To dream that you are unfortunate is a dream of the contrary and indicates a turn of good luck will come your way.											unibrow	Unknown	To dream that you have a unibrow indicates that you are feeling insecure about your physical appearance.											unicorn	Unknown	"To see a unicorn in your dream symbolizes high ideals, hope and insight in a current situation."											unicycle	Conveyance	To dream that you are riding a unicycle signifies that you are in total control of a situation and are exercising authority in both personal and business matters.											uniform	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is in uniform signifies your need to belong or be part of a group.											union	Action	To dream that you are in a union represents collective action.											united_nation	Unknown	"To dream about the United Nations signifies world peace, worldly issues and unity."											universe	Unknown	To see the universe in your dream signifies the endless possibilities.											university	Structure	To dream that you are in college indicates that you are going through some social or cultural changes.											unknown	Place	To see an unknown person in your dream signifies a part of yourself that is repressed and hidden.	To see an unknown place in your dream represents change in your life.										unprepared	Unknown	To dream that you are unprepared for something indicates that you are experiencing anxiety and fear over an upcoming task or event in your waking life.											unwrap	Unknown	To unwrap a gift in your dream means that you are recognizing your unused potential and talents.											up	Unknown	To dream of being or moving up suggests that you are emerging from some depressing or negative situation.											upside_down	Unknown	To dream that you are upside down suggests that there is some situation or problem in your waking life that you need to straighten up.											upstairs	Unknown	To dream that you are upstairs of a building refers to your higher level of understanding.											uranus	Unknown	"To see Uranus in your dream represents originality, unconventional thinking, independence, freedom, and individualism."											urban	Unknown	To see a city in your dream signifies your social environment and sense of community.	To dream of a city in ruins denotes that you are neglecting your social relationships and allowing them to deteriorate.	"To dream of an underground or underwater city represents your subconscious and how through deeper understanding of yourself, you find commonality and shared experiences with others."									urinal	Unknown	To see a urinal in your dream signifies disorder in your personal relationships.											urination	Unknown	To dream that you are urinating symbolizes a cleansing and a release of negative or repressed emotions.											urn	Tool	To see an urn in your dream represents feelings that have burned out or that you are feeling burnt out and exhausted.											u.s._mailbox	Unknown	To see a mailbox in your dream represents important information that you are about to receive.											usher	Person	To see an usher in your dream indicates that you are in need for some guidance in your life.											utensil	Tool	To see utensils in your dream indicate innovation.											uterus	Body_Part	To see a uterus in your dream represents your desire for children or your nervousness about a pending birth.											utopia	Unknown	To dream about utopia symbolizes your ideals and your strive for perfection.											v	Letter	"To see the letter V in your dream symbolizes victory, success or peace."											vacant	Unknown	"To see a vacant lot or property in your dream suggests that you need your own space, either emotional space or physical space."											vacation	Action	To dream that you are on vacation indicates that you need a break to recharge your energies and revitalize yourself.	To dream that you are having a bad or awful vacation suggests that you are not able to escape from the daily responsibilities of your waking life.										vacuum	Place	To see a vacuum in your dream refers to feelings of emptiness.											vagina	Body_Part	To see your vagina in your dream suggests issues with your femininity and you sexual needs/urges.											vagrant	Person	To dream that you are a vagrant suggests that you are trying to escape from the confines of social expectations.	To speak and give to a vagrant in your dream symbolizes your generosity.										valedictorian	Person	To dream that you are a valedictorian symbolizes your accomplishments and the high goals you have set for yourself.											valentine	Person	"To dream that you are receiving a valentine represents your likeability, compassion and good-hearted nature."											valet	Person	To dream that you are a valet indicates that you are lacking your own direction in life.	To dream that a valet parks your car suggests that you are letting other people dictate your direction in life.										valley	Unknown	"To dream that you are in a valley symbolizes fertility, abundance, or your need to be sheltered and protected."	To dream that you are looking down over a valley implies that you have overcome your difficulties and/or limitations.										valve	Tool	To see a valve in your dream suggests that you need to keep your cool especially when under pressure.											vampire	Unknown	"To see a vampire in your dream symbolizes seduction and sensuality, as well as fear and death."	To dream that you are a vampire signifies that you are sucking in the life energy of others for your own selfish benefit.										van	Conveyance	To see or drive a van in your dream symbolizes convenience and/or practicality.	To dream that you drive your van into a body of water or that it rolls into water implies that you are in for an emotional journey.										vandalism	Activity	To dream that you commit vandalism signifies repressed anger.	To witness vandalism in your dream represents your passive aggressive tendencies.										vanilla	Food	To taste or smell vanilla in your dream indicates a welcoming experience or inviting situation.											vanity	Unknown	To see a vanity in your dream suggests that there is something that you need to prepare for.											varnishing	Unknown	To dream that you are varnishing something suggests that you are trying to cover up some imperfection or mistake.											vase	Unknown	To see a vase in your dream symbolizes the womb and all things feminine.	"To dream that a vase is cracked or broken represents past, forgotten, or lost love."										vaseline	Substance	To see or apply Vaseline in your dream indicates that there is some issue that requires a soothing touch.											vat	Unknown	To see a vat in your dream symbolizes the womb and a sense of security.											vatican	Building	"To see the Vatican in your dream represents hope, renewal and deep spiritual awareness."											vault	Action	"To see a vault in your dream symbolizes the subconscious, your personal resources and hidden potential."											vcr	Unknown	To see a VCR in your dream refers to something that needs to be documented or recorded.											vegetable	Substance	To see vegetables in your dream signify your need for spiritual nourishment.	To see withered vegetables in your dream denotes sadness.										vegetation	Event	To see vegetation in your dream represents obstacles that you have to overcome in order to grow as a person and move forward.											vehicle	Conveyance	"To dream that you are riding in a vehicle (car, boat, train, etc."	To dream that you are thrown from a vehicle refers to your hastiness and quick temper.										veil	Body_Part	To dream that you or someone is wearing a veil represents something that you wish to hide or conceal.											vein	Body_Part	To see your veins in your dream represent a challenge that will test your character and ability.											velcro	Unknown	To see Velcro in your dream refers to a sticky situation.											velociraptor	Animal	To see a velociraptor in your dream suggests that you are dwelling in the past.											velvet	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing velvet signifies distinction and honor.	To dream that you are wearing velvet pants signifies your sensual side.										velvet_rope	Unknown	To see a velvet rope in your dream symbolizes access.											vending_machine	Machine	To see a vending machine in your dream represents the things that are just outside of your grasp or reach.											venereal_disease	Illness	"To dream that you have a venereal disease indicates some sort of contamination, either physical or emotional."											venom	Substance	To come in contact with venom in your dream represents pent-up anger and hostility you may be expressing or experiencing from others.											vent	Activity	To see a vent in your dream symbolizes a release of emotions.											ventriloquist	Person	"To see a ventriloquist in your dream symbolizes deception, fraud or some treasonable matter affecting you in a negative way."	To dream that you are a ventriloquist signifies dishonorable conduct and deception towards people who trusted you.										venus	Unknown	"To see Venus in your dream symbolizes love, desire, fertility, beauty, and femininity."											veranda	Structure	To dream of being on a veranda indicates that you will successfully overcome a problem that was giving you much anxiety.											verdict	Event	To hear a verdict in your dream indicates that it is time for you to face the truth.											vermin	Animal	To see vermin crawling in your dream signifies sickness and trouble.											vertical	Tool	To dream of a vertical line or something that is vertical symbolizes the spiritual realm and the supernatural.											vertigo	Illness	To dream that you have vertigo indicates an imbalance and lack of confidence in some situation.											vest	Unknown	To dream that you are wearing a vest represents your compassion for others.											veterinarian	Person	To see a veterinarian in your dream indicates that you need to tame your instinctive behavior and subconscious self so that it is more socially acceptable.											vex	Unknown	To dream that you are vex about something parallels waking issues that are bothering you.											vibrator	Tool	To see or use a vibrator in your dream signifies your desires to awaken your sexuality.											vicar	Person	To see a vicar in your dream suggests that you need to recognize your spiritual needs.											victim	Person	To dream that you are a victim suggests that you are being oppressed and overpowered by others.											victorian	Person	To dream that you are in the Victorian period indicates that you are feeling sexually repressed.											victory	Event	To dream of victory over something represents confidence in your abilities.											video	Tool	To dream that you are editing a video means that you are manipulating how someone views you.											video_chat	Unknown	To dream that you are on video chat refers to your desires to connect with someone on an emotional and mental level.											video_camera	Unknown	To dream that you are using a video camera suggests that you need to be more objective in your decisions.	To dream that someone is using a video camera indicates that you are reflecting back on your past and old memories.										video_game	Activity	To dream that you are playing a video game represents your ability to manipulate others into doing what you want them to do.	To see or dream that you are a character in a video game suggests that you are feeling controlled and manipulated by others.	To dream that your real life has turned into a video game implies that you are lacking any ambition and drive.									video_store	Unknown	To dream that you are in a video store represents the various chapters and aspects of your life.											videotape	Tool	To watch a videotape in your dream indicates that you need to stop and relax.											viking	Person	To see a Viking in your dream indicates that you are feeling violated or conflicted in some way.	To dream that you are a Viking represents exploration of your subconscious thoughts.										village	Place	To dream that you are in a village represents restrictions.											villain	Person	To see a villain in your dream symbolizes the negative aspects of your own self that you are ashamed about or not proud of.											vinegar	Food	To see or drink vinegar in your dream suggests that you are feeling sour about some situation.											vine	Plant	To see vines in your dream represent your hopes ambitious thoughts or ideas.	"To see grape vines in your dream symbolize rewards, prosperity, and spirituality."										vineyard	Place	To see a vineyard in your dream represents the fruits of your labor and your life experiences.											vinyl	Substance	To wear vinyl in your dream represents your lack of freedom and limited abilities.	To see something vinyl in your dream suggests that you are not being genuine and true to yourself.										violated	Unknown	To feel or dream that you have been violated represents feelings of being oppressed by others or by situations in your life.											violence	Action	To see violence in your dream indicates unexpressed anger or rage.											violet	Plant	"To see violets in your dream signify passion, joy and bliss."											violin	Musical_Instrument	To see or hear a violin in your dream symbolizes peace and harmony in your waking life.	"To play a violin in your dream denotes honor, distinction and refinement."										viper	Animal	To see a viper in your dream represents hidden fears and worries that are threatening you.											virgin	Place	To dream that you are a virgin symbolizes purity and potential.	To dream that someone is a virgin indicates integrity and honesty.										virgin_mary	Food	"To see the Virgin Mary in your dream signifies selfless love, compassion, spiritual harmony and ideal motherhood."											virgo	Place	"To dream that someone is a Virgo denotes cautiousness, purity and perfection."											virus	Unknown	To dream that you have a computer virus or a bug refers to something in your life that is out of control.	To dream that you have a viral infection or contracted a virus suggests that you are experiencing an unpleasant change or an emotional breakdown in your waking life.										vise	Tool	To see or use a vise in your dream suggests that you are feeling confined and restricted.											vishnu	Unknown	"To see Vishnu in your dream symbolizes love, mercy, grace, and truth."											vision	Event	To dream that your vision is obstructed indicates that you are about to make an error in judgment.	To see visions in your dream indicate that your mind is free from any restraint and free to wander without any inhibitions.										visit	Event	To visit someone in your dream suggests that you need to reconnect with this person in your waking life.											visitor	Person	To have a visitor in your dream signifies that some important news or information will soon be revealed to you.	To dream that you are a visitor suggests that you need to look at the overall picture on some issue.										vitamin	Food	To see or take a vitamin in your dream indicates that you need to strengthen your willpower and stand up for yourself.											vivisection	Activity	To dream of a vivisection suggests that there is something that you are desperate to eliminate from your life.											vlogging	Unknown	To dream that you are vlogging indicates that you are looking for an outlet to express your personal thoughts and experiences.											voguing	Unknown	To dream that you are voguing refers to your attitude and confidence.											voice_mail	Unknown	"To dream that you have a voice mail symbolizes some important advice that you may have overlooked, but need to heed."											voiceless	Unknown	To dream that you are voiceless represents a loss of identity and a lack of personal power.											voice	Action	To hear voices in your dream signify a message from the subconscious or spiritual realm.											volcano	Place	"To see a volcano in your dream indicates that you are unable to control your emotions, particularly if the volcano is erupting."											voldemort	Unknown	To see Voldemort in your dream symbolizes an ever-present evil force working against you.	"To dream that you are Voldemort represents the darker, sinister side of your personality."										volleyball	Activity	To dream that you are playing volleyball represents your indecisiveness and your inability to commit.											volume	Unknown	To dream that you are turning up the volume suggests that you are demanding to be heard.	To dream that you are turning down the volume indicates that there is something that you are refusing to hear.	To dream that the volume is too loud indicates that you are forcing your opinions and views on others.	To dream that the volume is too low suggests that you are not paying enough attention to what someone is trying to tell you.								volunteer	Person	To dream that you volunteer for something or are a volunteer represents the value of helping others in need.											vomiting	Action	To dream that you are vomiting indicates that you need to reject or discard an aspect of your life that is revolting.	To see someone vomiting in your dream signifies the false pretenses of people who are trying to take advantage of you.										voodoo	Unknown	To dream that you are practicing voodoo suggests that you are subconsciously trying to ward off some surrounding negative energy.	To see a voodoo doll in your dream represents a primitive and shadowy aspect of yourself.										vote	Event	To dream that you are casting a vote signifies your desire to belong to a larger group or to develop an aspect of your character on a more public level.											voting_booth	Structure	To see or dream that you are at a poll booth represents your desires to make a difference in your community or society.											voucher	Person	To see a voucher in your dream symbolizes the effort and work that you have invested into some project or cause.											vow	Unknown	To dream that you are making a vow represents a promise you made that will affect others.											voyage	Action	"To dream that you are making a voyage signifies profits, self-discovery or progress."											vulture	Bird	To see a vulture in your dream symbolizes purification and insight.											vulva	Body_Part	To see a vulva in your dream signifies your creative energy.											wadding	Substance	To dream of installing wadding into something indicates your need for security and to be protected.											wading	Action	To dream of wading in water symbolizes your power and control over your emotions.											waffle	Substance	To dream of eating a waffle indicates that you need to come down from your lofty ideals and approach life from a more pragmatic perspective.											wage	Unknown	To dream that you are paying out wages suggest that you are indebted to someone.	To dream that you are receiving wages symbolize a reward for a job well done.										wagon	Conveyance	To see a covered wagon in your dream is symbolic of difficulties and difficulties that you are carrying with you.	To see a red wagon in your dream represents childhood joy and light-hearted fun.	To see an empty and abandoned wagon in your dream signifies loss and dissatisfaction with the current state of your life.									wagtail	Bird	To see a wagtail in your dream suggests that you are always alert.											waif	Person	To see or dream that you are a waif indicates feelings of insecurity.	To see a waif model in your dream represents the unrealistic goals you have for yourself.										wail	Unknown	"To hear a wail in your dream symbolizes some sadness, pain or suffering of someone around you."											waist	Body_Part	To notice your waist in your dream suggests that you are concerned about your diet or weight.											waiting	Event	"To dream that you are waiting is indicative of issues of power/control and feelings of dependence/independence, especially in a relationship."											waiting_room	Structure	To dream that you are in a waiting room symbolizes your patience.											wake	Activity	To dream that you attend a wake refers to your grieving process.	To dream that you are waking up in your dream indicates that something is missing or lacking in your life.										walker	Structure	To see or use a walker in your dream implies that you are not letting any hardships or obstacles stand in your way.											walkie_talkie	Unknown	To see or use a walkie talkie in your dream suggests that you need to be both receptive and communicative in some waking work situation or personal relationship.											walking	Action	"To dream that you are walking with ease signifies a slow, but steady progress toward your goals."	To dream that you have difficulties walking indicates that you are reluctant and hesitant in proceeding forward in some situation.	To dream that you are walking on air refers to your carefree and upbeat attitude.									walking_stick	Invertebrate	To see or use a walking stick in your dream suggests that you are in need of support.											walkman	Unknown	To see or use a walkman in your dream represents a message from your subconscious that you need to place close attention to.											wall	Structure	"To see a wall in your dream signifies limitations, obstacles and boundaries."	To dream that you jump over a wall suggests that you are able to confront tough obstacles and get around barriers with success and ease.	To dream that you demolish or break down a wall indicates that you are breaking through obstacles and overcoming your limitations.	To dream that you are building a wall refers to a bad relationship or childhood trauma.	To dream that you are hiding behind a wall suggests that you ashamed in acknowledging your connections.	To dream that you are being thrown or shot through a wall means that you need to literally breakdown those walls that you have put up around you.						wallet	Unknown	To see your wallet in your dream symbolizes your self-identity or financial security.	To dream that your wallet has been stolen indicates that someone may be trying to take advantage of you.	To dream that you lose your wallet suggests that you need to be more cautious and careful about your spending and finances.	To see an empty wallet in your dream represents financial worries.								wallpaper	Substance	To dream that you or someone is hanging up wallpaper signifies that you are putting up a barrier or some sort of shield between yourself and others.	To dream that you are peeling or stripping off wallpaper denotes that you are beginning to let your guard down.										walnut	Food	To dream that you crack a walnut foretells that your expectations will collapse.											walrus	Animal	To see a walrus in your dream represents your display of dominance in some situation or relationship.											waltz	Activity	To see a waltz in your dream represents class and sophistication.											wand	Tool	To see or wave a wand in your dream represents your power and influence over others.											want	Unknown	To dream that you are in want represents the wants and desires that you have suppressed in your waking life.											wanted	Unknown	To dream that you are a fugitive implies that you are refusing to accept responsibility for your actions.	To see or aid a fugitive in your dream suggests that you are compromising your beliefs.										war	Activity	To dream of a war signifies disorder and chaos in your waking life you are experiencing some internal conflict or emotional struggle which is tearing you up inside.											warden	Person	To see a warden in your dream symbolizes an authority figure or guardian who keeps you in check.											wardrobe	Unknown	To see a wardrobe in your dream represents a transitional period or phase in your life.											warehouse	Unknown	To see a warehouse in your dream represents stored energy or hidden resources.	To see an abandoned or empty warehouse indicates that your inner resources have been depleted.	To dream that you are leasing or renting an empty warehouse represents your receptiveness and your open-mindedness to new things.									warmth	Unknown	To feel warmth in your dream signifies contentment and satisfaction in your current state.											warning	Event	To receive a warning in your dream indicates that something in your waking life is in need of your attention.	To dream that you are warning someone suggests that you need to recognize the dangers or negatives of some situation.										warrant	Unknown	To dream that a warrant is being served on you indicates that you will be involved in some important matter or decision.	To dream that a warrant is served on someone else refers to a misunderstanding.										warrior	Person	To see or dream that you are a warrior represents your ability to confront life challenges.											warthog	Animal	To see a warthog in your dream suggests that you need to take charge of your life.											wash_bowl	Unknown	To see a wash bowl in your dream suggests that you are ready to was away past hurts or emotional scars that you are carrying.											washboard	Tool	To see or use a washboard in your dream refers to hard work .											washerwoman	Person	To see or dream that you are a washerwoman in your dream implies that you need help to clean up your act.											washing	Activity	To dream that you are washing yourself indicates that you are proud of your social life and personal endeavors.	To dream that you are washing your feet indicates that you are ready to make a big change in your life.	To dream that you are washing your hands suggests that there is a worrisome issue that you need to work through.	To dream that you are washing your car suggests that your problems will soon pass.								washing_machine	Unknown	"To see or use a washing machine in your dream suggests that you need to resolve issues of the past in order to be able to make a clean, new start for yourself."											wasp	Invertebrate	"To see a wasp in you dream signifies evil, anger and negative feelings."	To dream that you are stung by a wasp indicates that there is some hatred directed toward you.	"To dream that you kill a wasp signifies your fearlessness in fighting off your opponents, while maintaining your ethics and rights."									waste	Activity	To see waste in your dream indicates that you are overexerting yourself or investing too much of your energy on something that may not be worthwhile.											watch	Activity	To see or wear a watch in your dream suggests that you need to be more carefree and spontaneous.	To see a broken watch in your dream indicates that you are unsure of your own feelings or how to express yourself.										watching	Activity	To dream that you are watching something indicates your passiveness.											watchman	Person	To dream that you are a watchman suggests that you need to be on the look out for something or someone out to do you harm.											water	Food	To see water in your dream symbolizes your subconscious and your emotional state of mind.	"To see calm, clear water in your dream means that you are in tune with your spirituality."	To see muddy or dirty water in your dream indicates that you are wallowing in your negative emotions.	To dream that water is rising up in your house suggests that you are becoming overwhelmed by your emotions.	To hear running water in your dream denotes meditation and reflection.	To dream that you are walking on water indicates that you have total control over your emotions.	To dream that someone throws water at you implies that you need to show more of your emotions.	To dream that a wall of water is coming towards you implies that your emotions are welling up and can potentially close you off to others.	To dream that you can bend water represents your ability to control your emotions.			water_balloon	Unknown	To see or throw a water balloon in your dream symbolizes an outburst of emotions.	"To dream that someone throws a water balloon at you represents some negative emotions or anger that is directed at you, but you are oblivious to."										water_cooler	Tool	To see or use the water cooler in your dream suggests that you are literally bottling up your emotions.											water_fountain	Structure	To see or drink from a water fountain indicates that you are feeling emotionally refreshed and rejuvenated.											water_gun	Unknown	To see or play with a water gun in your dream signifies you passive aggressiveness.											water_heater	Tool	"To see a water heater in your dream implies that you are keeping your anger inside, instead of expressing it."	To see a rusty water heater in your dream means that you are avoiding or neglecting your anger.										water_hose	Unknown	"To see a water hose in your dream represents renewal, rejuvenation and cleansing."											water_lily	Plant	"To see a water lily in your dream signifies grief, sorrow, and bereavement."											water_park	Unknown	To dream that you are in a water park indicates that you are expressing an emotional high point.											water_polo	Activity	To watch or play water polo in your dream represents your ability to immerse yourself in your emotions while navigating effectively toward your goals.											water_purifier	Unknown	To see a water purifier in your dream means that you need to express your emotions more effectively and clearly.											water_skiing	Unknown	To dream that you are water skiing represents an uplift in your spirituality and increase in your self-confidence.											water_tower	Unknown	To see a water tower in your dream suggests that you are keeping your emotions inside.											waterbed	Unknown	To see a waterbed in our dream suggests that you are slowly acknowledging aspects of your subconscious.											waterfall	Unknown	To see a waterfall in your dream is symbolic of letting go.	To dream that you are at the bottom of the waterfall suggests that you are feeling emotionally overwhelmed.										watermelon	Food	"To see a watermelon in you dream represents emotions of love, desire, lust, and fiery passion."											watermill	Unknown	To see a watermill in your dream suggests that you need to take advantage of the resources that are available to you.											waterslide	Unknown	To dream that you are on or see a waterslide suggests that you are being carried away by your emotions.											wave	Action	"To see clear, calm waves in your dream, signify renewal and clarity."	To hear waves crashing in your dream indicates tenderness and relaxation.	"To see muddy, violent waves in your dream indicate a fatal error in an important decision."									waving	Unknown	To dream that you are waving to someone represents your connection to that person.											wax	Substance	To see wax in your dream indicates that there is too much activity going on in your life.	To see dripping wax in your dream represents your hidden passionate emotions and spiritual cleansing.										way	Action	To dream that you lose your way signifies the threat of failure in your endeavor.	To dream that you are finding your way represents the decisions and choices that you need to make in your waking life.										weak	Unknown	To dream that you are weak refers to your feelings of inadequacy.											weapon	Weapon	To see or hold a weapon in your dream indicates a need to defend and protect yourself emotionally and/or physically.											weasel	Animal	To see a weasel in your dream represents your lack of trust in others.											weather	Unknown	To dream about the weather signifies your emotional state of mind.	To dream that the weather is ever-changing signify the passage of time.	To dream that you are reading the weather report means that you are about to make some major move.									weather_vane	Tool	To see a weather vane in your dream indicates unpredictability and versatility.											weaving	Activity	To dream that you are weaving something suggests that you are trying to piece together some information.											web	Body_Part	To see a web in your dream represents your desire to control everything around you.											web_cam	Unknown	To dream that you are on a web cam suggests that there is a message or concept that you are trying to convey to a large network of people.											wedding	Activity	To see a wedding in your dream symbolizes a new beginning or transition in your current life.											wedding_cake	Substance	To see or cut wedding cake in your dream symbolizes harmony and domestic bliss.	To eat a wedding cake in your dream signifies your sensuality.										wedding_dress	Unknown	To wear a wedding dress in your dream indicates that you are evaluating and assessing your personal relationship.											wedding_rehearsal	Unknown	To dream that you are in a wedding rehearsal implies that you need to prepare yourself for an important transition in your life.											wedding_ring	Unknown	To see a wedding ring in your dream represents completeness and eternal love.	To dream that you lose your wedding ring signifies a problem or unresolved issue in your marriage.										wedge	Tool	To see a wedge in your dream symbolizes support and your ability to ask for help when you need it.											wedlock	Unknown	"To dream of a marriage signifies commitment, harmony or transitions."	To dream of a proposal of marriage suggests that some situation will take a turn for the worse.	To dream that you are in an arranged marriage suggests that you are feeling forced to do something you do not want to do.									wednesday	Unknown	To dream about Wednesday indicates that you are in misery or agony over something.											weed	Substance	"To see weeds in your dream indicate that you are feeling neglected, overshadowed or cast to the side."											week	Unknown	To dream about the week signifies your sense of time management.											weeping	Unknown	To dream that you are weeping indicates some deep sadness in your waking life.											weevil	Invertebrate	To see a weevil in your dream signifies losses and deception.											weighing	Unknown	To dream that you are weighing something indicates that you are trying to determine the worth of something.											weight	Unknown	"To dream of your own weight represents your self-worth, self-esteem, influence or power of persuasion."	To dream that you are losing weight indicates that you are no longer being weighed down by some responsibility or emotional burden.	To dream that you are overweight or that you are gaining weight suggests that you are feeling over-burdened and pressured.									weightlifter	Person	To see a weightlifter in your dream indicates that you need to hone your sense of power and use that power to your advantage.											welding	Action	"To dream that you are welding something suggests that you need to incorporate some behavior, habit, or character into your life."											welfare	Activity	To dream that you are on welfare indicates that you are feeling shameful of your life circumstances.											well	Structure	To see a well in your dream represents your hidden abilities and talents that have not yet come to the surface or not yet recognized.	To dream that you fall into the well indicates losing emotional control.	To dream that the well is dry suggests that there is an emotional void in your life.									werewolf	Unknown	To see a werewolf in your dream indicates that something in your life is not what it seems.	To dream that you are a werewolf suggests that some aspects of your personality are hurtful and even dangerous to your own well-being.										west	Place	"To dream of going west represents fulfillment, opportunities, and growth."											wet	Unknown	To dream that you are wet indicates that you are overcome with emotions.											wet_nurse	Person	To see or have a wet nurse in your dream refers to your inability to provide for your family.	To dream that you are a wet nurse suggests that you need to be careful in who you trust and who you confide in.										wet_suit	Unknown	To see or wear a wet suit in your dream suggests that you are slowly and safely exploring your inner feelings and emotions.											whale	Animal	To see a whale in your dream represents your intuition and awareness.	To dream that a whale is flying symbolizes an enormous sense of freedom from letting down your emotional wall.	To see only the tail of a whale in your dream indicates that you are emotionally balanced.									wheat	Food	To see grains of wheat in your dream indicate prosperity and abundance.	To see a field of wheat in your dream signifies success in your goals.										wheel_of_fortune	Unknown	To dream of a wheel of fortune suggests that you are leaving too much to chance.											wheelbarrow	Conveyance	"To see or use a wheelbarrow in your dream represents hard work, labor, and difficulty."											wheel	Conveyance	To see spinning wheels in your dream signify completion or continuation of a familiar situation.											whip	Action	"To see a whip in your dream signifies punishment, unhappiness shame and guilt."											whiplash	Action	To dream that you have whiplash indicates that you are butting heads with someone in your waking life.											whipped_cream	Unknown	"To see or eat whipped cream in your dream symbolizes joy, light hearted fun, and pleasure."											whipping_boy	Person	To see a whipping boy in your dream suggests that you are doing harm to yourself with your reckless behaviors and activities.											whirlpool	Event	To see a whirlpool in your dream signifies emotional turmoil.											whirlwind	Unknown	"To dream that you are in the path of a whirlwind signifies big changes ahead which may lead to loss, chaos and scandal."											whisk	Tool	To see or use a whisk in your dream points to a situation that requires swift action and quick decision.											whisker	Body_Part	To see or have whiskers in your dream indicate that you are still trying to feel out some situation.											whisky	Food	"To see whisky bottles in your dream symbolize your alertness, carefulness and protective nature."	To dream that you are drinking whisky suggests that your selfishness will cost you your friends.										whispering	Event	To hear whispering in your dream suggests that you need to pay closer attention to something or listen to someone more carefully.	To dream that you are whispering indicates that you are lacking conviction in what you are saying.	To dream that someone is whispering in your ear suggests that you need to pay closer attention to something or listen to someone more carefully.									whistle	Musical_Instrument	To hear a whistle in your dream represents a warning.											white_moth	Unknown	To see a white moth in your dream forewarns of sickness and possibly death.											white_house	Building	To see the White House in your dream represents your own personal feelings about the US government and its legislation.											whiteout	Unknown	To see or use whiteout in your dream indicates that there is something that you are suppressing.											whore	Person	To dream that you are a prostitute indicates your desires for more sexual freedom/expression and sexual power.	To see or dream that you are with a prostitute suggests that you are feeling sexually deprived or needy.										wife	Person	To see your wife in your dream signifies discord and unresolved issues.	To dream about your husband's deceased wife suggests that you are trying to connect with your husband in the same way that she connected with him.										wife_swapping	Unknown	To dream about wife swapping suggests that you want to add some spice to your sex life.											wig	Unknown	"To dream that you are wearing a wig symbolizes deception, incompetence, false impressions, pretentiousness and falsehood."	To dream that you lose a wig indicates that you have completely lost your mind.										wild	Place	To see something wild in your dream represents the uninhibited and animalistic aspect of your personality.											wild_hog	Unknown	"To see a wild hog in your dream symbolizes ferocity, strength, and courage."	To dream that you are hunting a wild hog indicates your need for some balance in your life.										wildcat	Animal	To see a wildcat in your dream represents the feminine aspects which you have neglected or overlooked.											wildebeest	Animal	To see a wildebeest in your dream indicates a lack of control in your life.											wilderness	Place	To dream that you are running in the wilderness suggests that you are feeling uninhibited and free.											wildflower	Plant	To see wildflowers in your dream indicate that you need less complications in your life.											will	Unknown	To dream that you are making or writing a will indicates that you are looking ahead to the future.	To dream that something is left for you in a will represents characteristics or qualities that you can learn or adopt from your descendents.	To dream that a will is being read suggests that you are ready to reap the benefits of your hard work.									willow	Machine	To see a willow tree in your dream symbolizes mourning and sadness.											win	Event	To dream that you win at something indicates that you will succeed in some task.											wind	Action	"To dream that the wind is blowing symbolizes your life force, energy, and vigor."											wind_chime	Unknown	To see or hear wind chimes in your dream symbolize harmony and tranquility.											windmill	Machine	To see a windmill in your dream symbolizes the power of the mind.											window	Structure	"To see a window in your dream signifies bright hopes, vast possibilities and insight."	"To dream that you are looking out the window signifies your outlook on life, your consciousness and your point of view."	To see a shattered or broken window in your dream represents your distorted view and skewed outlook on life.	To dream that you are fixing or replacing a broken window indicates that you are reassessing your view and outlook on life.	To see a tinted window in your dream represents your need for privacy.	To dream that you are entering or exiting through a window suggests that you are involved in some secretive or underhanded activity.	To hear a knock on a window means that you will have many good opportunities ahead for you.					window_shopping	Unknown	To dream that you are window shopping suggests that you are being excluded from life's luxuries.											window_washer	Person	To see a window washer in your dream represents your ability to clarify a situation and shed some perspective on an issue.											windshield	Unknown	To look through the windshield in your dream represents what is ahead of you and the choices you make.	To dream that your windshield is fogged up suggests that you are not really expressing how you really feel.	To dream that your windshield is dirty indicates that you are confused or unclear about where you are headed in life.									windshield_wiper	Tool	To see or turn on the windshield wipers in your dream suggests that you are looking for a better perspective on something.											windsock	Unknown	To see a windsock in your dream suggests that you need to focus your energy toward more productive pursuits.											wine	Food	"To dream of drinking wine symbolizes festivity, celebration, companionship, satisfaction and success."	To dream that you are breaking wine bottles signify overindulgence in your desires and passion.	To see broken wine bottles in your dream implies that you are celebrating too song.									wine_cellar	Structure	To dream that you are in a wine cellar represents all of your past experiences - both positive and negative.											wine_glass	Unknown	To see a wine glass in your dream represents happiness.											wine_rack	Unknown	To see a wine rack in your dream indicates that you are welcoming new changes.											winery	Structure	To dream that you are at a winery represents your desires to enjoy all that life has to offer.											wing	Body_Part	To dream that you have wings suggest new found freedom.	"To dream that you have the wings of an angel indicate your sweet, angelic quality."	To see the wings of birds in your dream indicates your desire for a freer way of life.									wingsuit	Unknown	To see or wear a wingsuit in your dream represents your lofty aspirations and carefree attitude.											winter	Unknown	"To dream of winter signifies ill-health, depression, and misfortune."											wisdom_tooth	Body_Part	To dream about your wisdom teeth indicates new or emerging knowledge.											wise	Person	To dream that you are wise represents your potential and ability to succeed and be successful.											wish	Event	To dream that you are making a wish indicates that there is something that you are longing for and missing in your life.											wishbone	Body_Part	"To see a wishbone in your dream indicates family togetherness, celebration and hope."											witch	Person	To see a witch in your dream represents evil and destruction.											witchcraft	Unknown	To dream about witchcraft signifies some inner transformation or changes.											witness	Person	To witness to something in your dream represents your need to be more observant.	To dream that you are testifying as a witness indicates that you need to be accountable for your actions.										wizard	Person	To see a wizard in your dream suggests that you are trying to hone your skills and exercise your power.											woke	Unknown	To awaken in your dream represents a spiritual rebirth.	To dream that you awaken someone up suggests that you are acknowledging core aspects of that person within your own self.										wolf	Animal	"To see a wolf in your dream symbolizes survival, beauty, solitude, mystery, self-confidence and pride."	To see a white wolf in your dream signifies valor and victory.	To dream that you kill a wolf indicates betrayal.	To hear a wolf howling in your dream represents a cry for help from somebody in your waking life.	To dream that you are a wolf signifies your desires to be left alone.	To dream that a wolf turns into a puppy refers to your nurturing character.						wolverine	Animal	"To see a wolverine in your dream symbolizes great strength, fierceness and might."	To dream that you are Wolverine from the X-Men refers to your animalistic nature and power.										woman	Person	"To see a woman in your dream represents nurturance, passivity, caring nature, and love."	To see an old woman in your dream indicates your concerns about aging and growing old.										womb	Body_Part	To dream that you are still in the womb suggests that you are regressing into a period of time when you were safe and completely dependent.	"To see the womb in your dream represents creation, childbirth, fertility and new beginnings The dream is also symbolic of fresh new ideas."										wombat	Animal	To see a wombat in your dream suggests that you need to stay more grounded.											wonder_woman	Person	"To see Wonder Woman in you dream refers to a strong, powerful and/or confident woman in your life."											wood	Musical_Instrument	To dream of wood suggests that you are feeling dead and emotionless inside.	To dream that you are carving or shaping a piece of wood indicates a power-giving act or creative gesture.										wood_paneling	Unknown	To see wood paneling in your dream symbolizes your outdated surroundings and thinking.											wood_pile	Unknown	"To see a wood pile in your dream represents warmth, labor and diligence."											woodchuck	Animal	To see a woodchuck in your dream represents subconscious material that is coming to the surface.											wooden_leg	Tool	To dream that you have a stick leg or a wooden leg suggests that balance has been restored in your once chaotic or hectic life.											wooden_shoe	Unknown	To see a wooden shoe in your dream signifies solitude and unfaithfulness.											woodpecker	Bird	To see a woodpecker in your dream indicates that there is something in you waking life which you have overlooked.											wood	Musical_Instrument	"To see the woods in your dream represent life, fertility, rejuvenation, and spring."	To dream that you are walking through the woods signify your return to an aspect of yourself that is innocent and spiritual.	To dream that you are lost in the woods indicates that you are starting a new phase in your life.	To dream that the woods are dry or dying suggests that there is a situation in your life that has not yet been resolved.								word	Event	To see random words in your dream signify some confusion in your thought process.											work	Activity	To dream that you are at work indicates that you are experiencing some anxiety about a current project or task.	To dream that you are at your former work suggests that there is an old lesson that you need to learn and apply to your current situation.	To dream that you have been replaced at work represents your concern about your current job security.									workshop	Activity	To see a workshop in you dream represents the development of your skills.											world	Animal	To dream that it is the end of the world suggests that you are under a tremendous level of stress.	To dream that you are saving the world signifies confidence in your abilities and belief in yourself.										world_trade_center	Building	To see the World Trade Center in your dream implies that some situation or relationship is collapsing around you.											worm	Invertebrate	"To see a worm in your dream represents weakness, degradation, filth and general negativity."	To dream that the worm is crawling on your body indicates that you feel someone around you is taking advantage of you and feeding off your kind heartedness.										worry	Unknown	To dream that you are worried about something is a reflection of waking worry that has carried over to your dream state.											wrapping	Unknown	To dream that you are wrapping something indicates that you are trying to hide the truth you are involved in a cover-up.											wreath	Unknown	"To see a wreath in your dream symbolizes honor, celebration, continuity or completeness."	To give a wreath to someone signifies the bond you have with that person.										wreck	Conveyance	To see a wreck in your dream represents obstacles and barriers toward your goals.											wren	Bird	To see a wren in your dream symbolizes good luck.											wrench	Tool	To see or use a wrench in your dream indicates your desire to fix a situation or relationship.											wrestling	Activity	To dream that you are wrestling suggests that you are grappling with a problem in your personal or professional life.											wrinkle	Unknown	To see a wrinkle in your dream represents your feelings of getting older or wiser.											wrist	Body_Part	To notice your wrist in your dream represents your ability to combine fun and excitement with productivity at the same time.	To see an injured or bandaged wrist in your dream indicates a loss in productivity.	To dream that you cut your wrist means that you are feeling withdrawn.									writing	Activity	To dream that you are writing signifies communication with someone or with your conscious mind.											wrong	Activity	To dream that you are wrong about something indicates that you are doubting yourself in the choices and decisions that you are making.											x	Letter	To see an X in your dream signify something that is forbidden.	To dream of a treasure map marked by a big X indicates that your goals are in sight and you will soon be greatly rewarded.										x-ray	Unknown	To dream that you have x-ray vision suggests that you need to look pass the surface and focus on what is inside.											xylophone	Musical_Instrument	To see or play a xylophone in your dream indicates concerns for the environment.											y	Letter	To see the letter Y in your dream indicates some decision that you need to make.											yacht	Conveyance	"To see a yacht in your dream symbolizes wealth, pleasure, and luxury."											yak	Animal	To see a yak in your dream represents your uniqueness and dependability.											yantra	Unknown	To see a yantra in your dream represents cosmic energy and emerging consciousness.											yard	Tool	"To see a neat and well-kept yard reflects your ability to maintain and organize aspects of your outside life, such as work and your social activities."	To see a messy and unkempt yard denotes that aspects of your life are out of your control.										yard_sale	Unknown	To hold or be at a yard sale in your dream indicates that you are recycling past experiences and finding use for your old skills and ideas.											yardstick	Tool	To see a yardstick in your dream.											yarmulke	Unknown	To see or wear a yarmulke in your dream symbolizes Judaism and the Jewish faith.											yarn	Event	To see yarn in your dream symbolizes your connection and creativity.											yawning	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is yawning suggests that you are lacking emotional and intellectual stimulation.											year	Unknown	To dream of a year signifies a passage of time.											yearbook	Unknown	To see your yearbook in your dream represents the old friends or old flames that you have lost touch with over the years.											yeast	Plant	To see yeast in your dream indicates a spiritual quest.											yelling	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is yelling represents repressed anger that needs to be expressed.											yellow_bird	Unknown	To see a yellow bird in your dream represents a positive outlook in your professional life.											yesterday	Unknown	To dream about yesterday indicates that you need to stop reliving the past and learn to let go.											yeti	Unknown	"To see a yeti in your dream suggests that you need to learn to find balance between your reasonable, rational side and your emotional, instinctual nature."											yew_tree	Unknown	To see a yew tree in your dream symbolizes mourning and death.											yield	Event	To dream that you yield to someone else refers to your willingness to sacrifice your authority in order to maintain calmness in your domestic life or personal relationship.	To see a yield sign in your dream suggests that you need to be more flexible in your thinking.										yin_yang	Unknown	To see the yin yang in your dream symbolizes a balance of opposites.											ymca	Unknown	To see or dream that you are at the YMCA indicates that you are feeling spiritually and physically empowered.											yodel	Unknown	To yodel in your dream represents the connection between your mind and your heart.											yoga	Activity	"To dream that you are performing yoga symbolizes unity, balance, harmony, calmness, and self-discipline."											yogurt	Food	To see or eat yogurt in your dream suggests that you need to learn to behave appropriately for the different situations and various circumstances you find yourself in.											yoke	Tool	To see a yoke in your dream signifies your unwillingness to conform to the customs and wishes of others.											yolk	Food	"To see an egg yolk in your dream represents life, ideas, and creativity."											young	Animal	To see young people in your dream indicates a fresh outlook on your life.	To dream that you are young again indicates that you are behaving childish or immaturely.										yourself	Unknown	To see yourself in your dream is a reflection of how you act and behave in your waking life.											youtube	Unknown	To dream that you are watching YouTube signifies subconscious thoughts and ideas that are flowing in your mind.											yoyo	Unknown	To see or play with a yoyo in you dream signifies the ups and downs of your life.											yucca	Plant	To see a yucca plant in your dream indicates that you need to think outside the box or outside of convention.											zamboni	Machine	To see a Zamboni in your dream implies that you are closing yourself off to new ideas and opinions.											zebra	Animal	"To see a zebra in your dream represents perfect balance, unity and harmony."	To dream that a zebra is running implies that you are trying to escape from a dangerous relationship or situation.										zen	Substance	To dream of being Zen symbolizes your quest for spiritual balance and harmony.											zenith	Place	To dream of staring up into the zenith symbolizes your potential.	To dream that you have reached the zenith of your profession indicates you are in a dead-end job.										zeppelin	Conveyance	To see a dirigible in your dream symbolizes your ambition and the determination to achieve your goals.											zeus	Unknown	To see or dream that you are Zeus suggests that you have total control over your life.											zinc	Substance	To see zinc in your dream suggests that your professional or educational pursuits will go through a process of positive renewal and energetic progress.	To taste zinc in your dream is your subconscious telling you that you are lacking in an essential vitamin or mineral.										zinnias	Unknown	"To see zinnias in your dream symbolize laughter, friendships, and joy."											zip_code	Unknown	To see a zip code in your dream represents your identity and your sense of being grounded.											zipper	Tool	To see a zipper in your dream implies sexuality and sexual innuendos.	To see a broken or stuck zipper in your dream refers to your difficulties in expressing your sexual desires or feelings.										zither	Musical_Instrument	To see or hear a zither in your dream suggests that you are seeking the truth.											zodiac	Place	To see the zodiac in your dream represents the various aspects of your conscious being and how you connect to the universe.											zombie	Food	To see or dream that you are a zombie suggests that you are physically and/or emotionally detached from people and situations that are currently surrounding you.	To see someone as a zombie implies that your feelings for them is dead.										zoo	Unknown	To dream that you are at a zoo symbolizes loss of freedom.	To dream that animals escape from the zoo implies that your hidden desires can no longer be contained and must be acknowledged or expressed.										zookeeper	Unknown	To see a zookeeper in your dream suggests that you are on the verge of losing control over some aspect of your life.											abode	Structure	"To see your home in your dream signifies security, basic needs, and values."											abominable_snowman	Unknown	"To see a yeti in your dream suggests that you need to learn to find balance between your reasonable, rational side and your emotional, instinctual nature."											adieu	Unknown	"To dream that you are saying goodbye to someone indicates an end to your worries, to a relationship or and to a chapter in your life."	To dream that someone is saying goodbye to you suggests that you are going on a journey of self-discovery.										advisor	Person	To see or dream that you are a counselor or dream that you are one suggests that you are seeking for some support and direction in your life.											architecture	Activity	To see a building in your dream represents the self and the body.	To see a building in ruins or damaged indicates that your approach toward a situation or relationship is all wrong.	To dream that a building collapses indicates that you are losing sight of your ambitions and goals.	To dream that you or someone fall off a building suggests that you are descending into the realm of subconscious.	To dream that you are scaling or climbing a building indicates that you are getting carried away by your ambitions.							asphalt	Substance	To see concrete in your dream represents your solid and clear understanding of some situation.	To see wet concrete in your dream suggests that some issue or some aspect of your life still remains unresolved.										automobile	Conveyance	"To dream that you are driving a car denotes your ambition, your drive and your ability to navigate from one stage of your life to another."	To dream that you drive your car into a body of water or that it rolls into water implies that you are in for an emotional journey.										avenue	Activity	To see a street in your dream symbolizes your life's path.											background	Tool	To dream of various landscapes in your dream represent where you are in your life or in your relationships.											baloney	Unknown	To eat bologna in your dream indicates financial insecurities.											barber	Person	To dream that you are a hairdresser suggests that you are imposing your ideas and opinions on others.	To dream that you are at the hairdresser implies that you are looking to change your attitude.										barricade	Structure	To see a barrier in your dream represents an obstacle to your emotional growth.											beauty_contest	Unknown	To watch or dream that you are in a beauty pageant refers to your own insecurities about your appearances.											beeper	Tool	To see a pager in your dream suggests that someone is trying hard to communicate their thoughts to you.											belch	Action	To dream that you burp indicates that your subconscious is informing you that you are going through some changes.	To hear a burp in your dream signifies a breakthrough in your personal struggles.										belly_button	Unknown	To see your navel in your dream represents your being and self.	To dream that you or someone has a navel piercing denotes your deep connection with your mother.										birth_control	Activity	To see or use contraceptive in your dream suggests that you are refusing to let your creativity emerge from beneath the surface.											blackboard	Unknown	To see a chalkboard in your dream represents the classroom and the difficulties you may have experienced in school.	To dream that you are writing on the chalkboard indicates you will need to get your hands dirty in some situation.										body_piercing	Unknown	To dream that you or someone has a navel piercing denotes your deep connection with your mother.	To dream that you or someone has a nose piercing implies that you need to pay closer attention to some issue.										bog	Unknown	To see a swamp in your dream symbolizes the repressed and dark aspects of yourself.	To dream that you are walking through a swampy area foretells that you will find yourself in an adverse situation.										brain_surgery	Activity	To see or dream that you have a lobotomy indicates that you are either trying to get to your subconscious and access its insights or you are trying to suppress it and erase it from your consciousness.											bravery	Unknown	To dream that you have great courage indicates that you are willing to confront rejected aspects of your subconscious head on.											brook	Unknown	To see a stream in your dream represents a flow of fresh and profound ideas.	To see a frozen stream in your dream indicates that your emotions are cold and hardened.										buggy	Conveyance	To see an old-fashioned carriage in your dream suggests that your ways of thinking may be too outdated and antiquated.											"bulls_are_also_symbolic_of_repressed_sexual_energies,_fertility_and_virility._to_see_an_untamed_raging_bull_represents_that_your_passions_may_be_out_of_control._the_bull_may_also_represent_a_person_in_your_life_who_is_born_under_the_taurus_sign."	Unknown	To see a steer in your dream refers to sexual contact or masculine energy.											bullhorn	Tool	To dream that you are using a megaphone indicates that you need to be more vocal and expressive about your feelings.											camcorder	Unknown	To dream that you are using a video camera suggests that you need to be more objective in your decisions.	To dream that someone is using a video camera indicates that you are reflecting back on your past and old memories.										capital_punishment	Event	To dream that you are given the death penalty means that you need to reevaluate your life and the decisions that you are making.											cash	Person	To see or win money in your dream indicates that success and prosperity is within your reach.	"To dream that you lose money suggests that you are lacking ambition, power and self-esteem."	To give or spend money in your dream is analogous to giving love.	To dream that you have no money indicates a fear of losing your place in the world.	To dream that you steal money forewarns that you are in danger.							chapel	Activity	To see the outside of the church in your dream signifies sacredness and spiritual nourishment.	To dream that you are inside a church suggests that you are seeking for spiritual enlightenment and guidance.										climate	Unknown	To dream about the weather signifies your emotional state of mind.	To dream that the weather is ever-changing signify the passage of time.	To dream that you are reading the weather report means that you are about to make some major move.									cola	Food	To drink soda in your dream indicates that you need to be more bubbly or vivacious.											collision	Event	"To dream that you are in a car crash indicates that your beliefs, lifestyle, or goals are clashing with another's."	To wake up before you crash in your dream may simply be the anticipation of the crash that jolts you awake.										cop	Person	"To see the police in your dream symbolizes structure, rules, power, authority and control."	To dream that you are arrested by the police suggests that you feel sexually or emotionally restrained because of guilt.	To dream that you are a police officer represents your own sense of morality and conscience.	To dream that you are having difficulties contacting the police suggests that you have yet to acknowledge your own authoritativeness in a situation.	To dream that you are pulled over by the police suggests that you need to slow down and take things down a notch.							cormorant	Bird	To see a loon in your dream suggests that you have the ability to dig deep and bring up subconscious wisdom.											cosmetic	Unknown	To dream that you are applying makeup suggests that you are trying to cover up or conceal an aspect of yourself.	To dream that you are wearing too much makeup indicates that you are putting too much emphasis on beauty and outside appearances rather than what is inside.										cripple	Person	To dream that you or someone is handicap symbolizes your own weakness and neediness.											cussing	Unknown	To dream that you are swearing suggests that you need to stop allowing others to harass you.											cutlass	Weapon	To see or use a machete in your dream represents extreme hostility toward some situation or someone.											dad	Person	To see your father in your dream symbolizes authority and protection.	To dream that your father is dead forewarns that you need to proceed with caution in conducting some business matter.	To see your father wrapped in bandages from head to toe suggests that you are feeling restricted or limited with your authority.	To dream that you are hitting your father represents a desperate need for greater closeness with your father.	To dream that your father is angry at you indicates that you are doing something that he may disapprove.	"To dream that your father has a girlfriend or mistress, even though he is still married to your mother implies that you are feeling disconnected with one of your parents."						diary	Unknown	To write or read a journal in your dream suggests that you are trying to change or rewrite the past in order to suit your own needs.	To dream that someone is reading your journal indicates that there is a secret you are keeping.										dishonesty	Activity	To dream that someone is calling you a liar denotes that you will be irked by some deceitful person.	To dream that someone is a liar indicates your growing distrust for that person.										distance	Place	To see something or someone far away in your dream suggests that you are feeling emotionally distant from that person or what that something means to you.											drift	Place	"To dream that you are floating on air indicates satisfaction, contentment and acceptance of some situation."	To dream that you are floating in water suggests that you have a handle on your emotions.										exhausted	Unknown	To dream that you are tired suggests that you are feeling emotionally drained and stressed.											expressway	Place	To dream that you are on a freeway indicates that you are feeling liberated and free.	To dream that the freeway is under construction or is being reconstructed implies that you are experiencing a setback toward accomplishing your goals.										fellatio	Unknown	To dream that you are giving or receiving oral sex signifies your willingness to give or receive pleasure/joy.	To dream that you are performing oral sex on yourself represents your need for self-gratification.										female	Animal	"To see a woman in your dream represents nurturance, passivity, caring nature, and love."	To see an old woman in your dream indicates your concerns about aging and growing old.										feminine_napkin	Unknown	To see a maxi pad in your dream indicates that you need to release some pent up anger or tension.											flask	Unknown	To see or use a thermos in your dream suggests that you are trying to keep a certain feeling or hope alive.											flying_saucer	Unknown	To see an UFO in your dream signifies your desires to find your spiritual purpose in life.											foliage	Unknown	"To see plants in your dream indicate fertility, spiritual development, potential, and growth."											followed	Unknown	To dream that someone or something is in pursuit of you indicates that you are refusing to acknowledge a certain viewpoint or idea.	To dream that you are in pursuit of someone or something suggests that you are being denied of your power and influence.										g-string	Unknown	To see or wear a thong in your dream represents satisfaction with your body image and your sexuality.											gelatin	Food	To see or eat jelly in your dream represents insight into a situation you have been wondering about.											grocery_cart	Unknown	To see or use a shopping cart in your dream indicates that you are reaping the rewards and benefits of your hard work.											grocery_store	Structure	To dream that you are in a market represents some emotional or physical need that you are currently lacking in your life.	To see an barren market in your dream signifies depression and gloominess.										guy	Tool	"To see a man in your dream denotes the aspect of yourself that is assertive, rational, aggressive, and/or competitive."											handbag	Unknown	"To see or carry a purse in your dream represents secrets, desires and thoughts which are being closely held and guarded."	To dream that you lost your purse denotes loss of power and control.	To see an empty purse represents feelings of insecurity or vulnerability.	To dream that someone gives your a new purse implies that some fortune or good luck will come your way.								hemp	Plant	To dream that you are using marijuana implies that you are trying to escape reality.	To see or smell marijuana in your dream suggests that you are experiencing an expanded sense of awareness and consciousness.										homicide	Action	To dream that you have committed a murder indicates that you are putting an end to an old habit and a former way of thinking.	To dream that you witness a murder indicates deep-seated anger towards somebody.										hooker	Person	To dream that you are a prostitute indicates your desires for more sexual freedom/expression and sexual power.	To see or dream that you are with a prostitute suggests that you are feeling sexually deprived or needy.										humidicrib	Unknown	To see an incubator in your dream suggests that you need some stability and calmness in your life.	To dream that you are in an incubator indicates that you have been acting prematurely.										humor	Substance	To hear laughing or dream that you are laughing suggests that you need to lighten up and let go of your problems.	"To hear evil, demonic laughing in your dream represents feelings of humiliation and/or helplessness."										implement	Tool	"To see or use tools in your dream represent your self-expression, skills and abilities."											intercourse	Event	To dream about sex refers to the integration and merging of contrasting aspects of yourself.	To dream about sex with someone other than your spouse or significant other suggests dissatisfaction with the physical side of your relationship.	To dream that you are having sex with an ex or someone who is not your current mate denotes your reservations about embarking in a new relationship or situation.	To dream that you are having sex with a stranger represents uncertainty about what is ahead.	To dream that you are having sex with a friend refers to the closeness you share with your friend.							little	Unknown	To dream that you are small and everyone is normal sized suggests that you are suffering from low self-esteem and/or a sense of helplessness.											logger	Person	To see or dream that you are a lumberjack symbolizes strength and fortitude.											looking_glass	Tool	To dream of your own reflection in the mirror suggests that you are pondering thoughts about your inner self.	To dream that you do not see your reflection in a mirror implies that you have lost your self-identity.	To dream that you are looking through a two-way mirror indicates that you are coming face to face with some inner or worldly issue.									lorry	Conveyance	To see a truck in your dream suggests that you are overworked.	To see a truck crash in your dream implies that you are feeling overloaded and are in danger or burring yourself out if you don't slow down.										male	Animal	"To see a man in your dream denotes the aspect of yourself that is assertive, rational, aggressive, and/or competitive."											manslaughter	Action	To dream that you have committed a murder indicates that you are putting an end to an old habit and a former way of thinking.	To dream that you witness a murder indicates deep-seated anger towards somebody.										media	Unknown	To see the press in your dream suggests that there is a messages that you need to convey and get across to others.	To dream that the press is chasing you indicates your lack of privacy.										mentor	Person	"To see your teacher (past or present) in your dream suggests that you are seeking some advice, guidance, or knowledge."	To dream that you are a teacher indicates that you are in a position of disseminating your knowledge and wisdom to others.	To dream that you are having sex with a teacher implies that there are still things you need to learn when it comes to sex.									nursing_home	Structure	To dream that you live in a senior home (but you don't really live in one in real life) means that you are becoming too dependent on others.	To see or dream that you are visiting a senior home implies that you need to reconnect with some elderly person in your waking life.	"To dream that you volunteer in a senior home suggests that you need to be more respectful or compassionate of others, particularly people who are older than you."									nylons	Unknown	To see or wear a pantyhose in your dream represents alluring sexuality.											observe	Unknown	To dream that you are watching something indicates your passiveness.											paddleboat	Unknown	To dream that you are in a rowboat symbolizes hard work and perseverance.											paddling	Unknown	To dream that you are rowing indicates a hard and difficult journey or path.											pajama_party	Unknown	To dream that you are at a sleepover indicates that there is a situation that you are refusing To see or accept.											parasol	Unknown	To see an umbrella in your dream symbolizes emotional security.	"To dream that you cannot open you umbrella and it is raining, then it suggests that you are open to confronting your own feelings and letting your emotions come to the surface."										pee	Substance	To dream that you are urinating symbolizes a cleansing and a release of negative or repressed emotions.											penitentiary	Structure	To dream that you are in prison indicates that you are being censored in some area of your life.	To see someone else in prison in your dream signifies an aspect of yourself that you are unable to express freely.	To dream that you or someone is released from prison means that you need to make some major changes in your waking life.									piss	Substance	To dream that you are urinating symbolizes a cleansing and a release of negative or repressed emotions.											prawn	Invertebrate	To see or eat shrimp in your dream suggests that you are feeling overpowered and insignificant.											profanity	Unknown	To dream that you are swearing suggests that you need to stop allowing others to harass you.											puke	Person	To dream that you are vomiting indicates that you need to reject or discard an aspect of your life that is revolting.	To see someone vomiting in your dream signifies the false pretenses of people who are trying to take advantage of you.										rotate	Unknown	To dream that you are spinning signifies confusion.											shout	Unknown	To dream that you or someone is yelling represents repressed anger that needs to be expressed.											streetcar	Conveyance	To see or ride a trolley in your dream indicates that you are open-minded about the new journey or phase in your life.											vortex	Event	"To dream that you are in the path of a whirlwind signifies big changes ahead which may lead to loss, chaos and scandal."